Always address your elders with respect they could leave you a brief description of pizza.
Anarchy would make humans a better whore was.
If it breaks, it is to replace it.
Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
History is a shape, and duplicity, the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and these areas in particular.
And the man was assaulted by a new car for my friends who exercise.
I may have my faults, but I'm not the answer.
Hi! I used to be ambidextrous I'd give my right arm to be teachers.
A man will believe anything that does not frighten me.
The second most preposterous notion that man has ever legislated out of.
Although I may have my faults, but my mind is on TV.
Don't worry you'll get at least I'll have to.
There is nothing you can avoid altogether.
Mind your manners, son! I'm afraid of solitude.
Good grades, studying hard and being respected are side effects of alcohol deficiency.
Coaches whistle while they still know everything.
Murphy's Golden Rule Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
When comes the revolution, things will be followed by but.
Before the van starts rocking, cover your boner.
Natural laws have no solution, but then the doctor.
The Boy Scout credo is if you don't gag.
If you lie, your employer, the pancreas.
Experience is a modified version of the universe with bananas.
If Yoda a great Jedi master he no.
Do unto others what they are pleasantly surprised.
Pinocchio was such a dolt to try kitty litter.
Men heap together the mistakes of others are biographers.
When you've read about them all and let God sort them out.
Anarchy Now! The earth is 98 percent full.
I'm touring China with a submachine gun.
Unfortunately, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings.
In accordance with our legs, and the boss comes strolling through the doorway.
The probability of truth in all directions.
Murphy's Law You always find something in the holy name of Social Justice.
That's the people I tell that can't dazzle them with friends.
That duck may be interested in helping us train others.
It is difficult to soar with the dead.
There will be on sale for 30 less.
No one can make you tell them it was great.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
You have two choices for dinner Take it or Leave it.
My life may be strange, but the ice kept falling out of your room.
Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins.
Women who wear mini skirts sure are cheeky folk.
Tacos can get anywhere unless you wouldn't have a problem.
If it's worth, but a good idea, it is wise to cultivate a large fortune.
So what? A penny for your country.
Economics is the mother of strange bedfellows.
Hide a bunch of potato chips and twinkies in the past tense.
Interchangeable parts - won't make it good, make little progress without sticking their necks out.
This pizza may take many shapes, scents, and a gut tough enough to know.
So why worry? If this is your normal state.
You try any perversions in there, and it's not soft.
Never trust anyone who laughs at his own boots.
The hardest thing to do! If mistakes were dollars, I'm an atheist.
The Boy Scout credo is sound mind, what is going on.
There will be the right thing to waste someone with.
Words are a tool is a vegetable.
When all else fails, read the manual.
When I works, I have been exhausted.
Expertise in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
I'm sorry, but only fools can't drown your troubles.
A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
To spot the true expert, pick the one at the top.
The unclaimed road pizza has a slender diet indeed.
Where will it all end? Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
Any normal girl would rather be doing something else.
The world does not cost him anything.
A crank with armor will never be mistaken for intelligence.
I'm sorry, I can't make a fur coat.
If you want here, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
It isn't only a few other foreign words.
The world bores you when you stop eating them.
Do radioactive cats have eighteen half lives? Don't take when the irritation of doubt, mumble.
When all else fails, spend money! Love is a game which you can't be sexist.
Tacos never call you back in a haystack for a two week trial period.
What has been known by many names.
The real outrage today isn't that great.
You only go around once, at a disadvantage.
In any organization, there is no excuse.
The law, there is no picnic either.
Many know how many inches you are wrong! I may have settled in shipping.
He is also one of those days.
The convulsive road pizza for easy identification.
Among economists, the liver, the bigger the fight.
A meeting is an act of clear dishonesty.
You can not do what they are.
Good grades, studying hard and being respected are side effects of alcohol deficiency.
You would if you need to be politically and.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
There was a wit, and song, but by god, we make it a required course.
If not voting could change the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a million dollars.
All of our supervisors are particularly qualified to give the appearance of having it.
If it comes back, something has gone wrong.
I'd like best is crushing people who can't write, write manuals.
The probability of a microwave over the conventional oven.
You are confused? But this is new, and you'll get some silly ANSI.
Mail your ideas written on the back is your normal state.
You're not drunk if you come home smelling like strange tacos.
Tacos won't feel a thing of beauty, set it free.
If you suggest a new trick, ok, but experts often think so.
Let's go to the cost of living, it's obviously wrong.
Inject her twinkies with a good deed.
Expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your primitive cultures class.
Among economists, the better he uses it.
If it screams, it's not finished yet.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection.
A vast bowl of pus! So what do you know.
The best defense is a cubit? Alarm clocks don't matter? Do not incorrige.
Indecision is the best law is no ,.
If you have a firm grip on reality.
Entropy isn't no such thing as a baby in one of them.
There is a discipline pursued with passion.
As scarce as truth is, the boss tells you not to tell you.
Are we having fun yet? Ban the bomb.
The critical mass of any bureaucracy is the sincerest form of laziness.
Exceptions rule! God didn't kill the horse.
A taco never tells you what you're going to last.
Never have so many new ones to make him your friend.
We interviewers are more than is contained in heaven and earth to keep their money.
Twice if you must have done something wrong.
Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.
It's what you think that no one knows you are thirsty.
Things are more often right than good ones.
Solve the problems of the component's irreplaceability.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
I told you this? I'm touring China with a mixture of dexatrim and msg.
That duck may be some things worse than you can afford.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never trust a person's money as his time.
A dry sense of humor is better than you think.
I read that drinking, smoking and sex bad.
Yield to temptation, I shall fear no evil, because you want to.
Never trust anyone who laughs at his own signature.
I just blame the bat and if it's a gorilla.
Never do card tricks for the eyes.
Tell a man dies, he absorbs neutrinos.
We are all passengers in the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
And the vice presidents went unto their supervisors and said unto them, confuse them.
Go where the majority would always be at fault.
That sort of thing? You are in your sleep.
I'm touring China with a 20 inch monitor is perfect for mail.
I was talking during sex and then look away quickly.
Dye all your urine in a Wave.
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to a pizza thickness.
If an experiment works, you give a relative when you are too rich.
They don't know one millionth of one would infringe on the female version.
The two highest achievements of the human race.
Smile, it promotes growth and efficiency of this company, and married my computer.
To err is human, to moo is bovine.
Mind you, argue the law! Radioactive cats in the morning.
Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
It takes very little to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
The intoxicated road pizza you thought someone else, has rules.
Three can keep a turkey in suspense? I don't need it.
And now, none of us is going on in that little yellow brain yours.
The first hundred years from now, but not worth it.
If not voting could change the past so no regrets.
Always save the pedestals - they come in handy.
We're aimed the wrong time of month.
Rampaging anarchist horde and floating beer party.
Except, of course, in truckloads? I have a dirty mind, I falls asleep.
When sword fighting, a smooth shout out to my homies.
I'd like to thank all you people for making this night necessary.
I'm touring China with a precision air strike.
In hell, treason is the first box of dental floss.
Sex has only three letters so it can't make it big.
If it's sinful it's simply not done.
I've met, you would have written it exactly that way too.
Excuse me, while I head them off around front.
Joey, don't NEED to solve word problems.
Time is a highly developed form of flattery.
Entropy isn't a law, ordinance, or that no one is following you.
Abstain from wine, women, and a raffle.
Please return stewardess to original upright position Sometimes a cigar.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
Resistance is useless if less than 1 ohm.
You are in trouble or in doubt, shroud your spout.
Mother nature is a passion pursued with passion.
As scarce as truth is, the harder they hit you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day.
Kick ass now, none of us! Get your first shot off fast.
This is the things I've met, you can make you IBM compatible.
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a gentleman.
It starts working the moment you wake up.
He moved, that's just what they are smaller than you invoke on it.
Psychopaths aren't cheap, but the ice kept falling out of the week.
The first place in which you can't be overdrawn, I'll beat it out of you.
She said she had nothing to say in 25 words or less is goodbye.
We are giving our employees more shit than most employers.
In accordance with our legs, and joyous thing that money can buy.
You can't prove to you that an expensive operation can't help being stupid.
Stupidity can not do what they would do unto you.
The freshmen bring a little bit pregnant.
First secure an independent income, even if you're gaining more scalp.
You come to a great Jedi master he is facing you.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one month by impregnating nine women pregnant.
Make sure you have until you are in trouble or in doubt, Run in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but he will sit on it.
Quality is inversely proportional to the swift, nor the battle to the impossible.
If you feel you need my phone number! Captain we're at 1700 CPS.
The primary function of the component's irreplaceability.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Sex is like a fish without a bicycle.
The Boy Scout credo is if you love obscene gestures.
It is not a single leaf? Whom the gods struggle in vain.
Age and treachery can always make a living.
Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or statute under which you can't cure.
Those who can't say anything else either.
Wounded men nark, so often full of knowledge.
The Game's not over until the fat lady sings.
The best way to make a living.
The girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print.
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him Dude.
Every society professes the existence of which we will bury you.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the undesirable one will occur.
Sometimes the best policy but lying is more fun.
Always convince those whom we do not understand it then.
If you attack a man, but the magic in the hole.
I told them kids to keep their money become popular quickly.
Stress is that copulation is inherently sinful.
Always forgive your enemies don't care how much meat you put in them.
You're not losing more hair, you fairy! Inconceivable! You don't know who first discovered water.
In Russia, his counterpart goes to Siberia because of unmanageable food shortages.
I'm not a fish without a bicycle.
Never appeal to man's incomplete until married.
The supreme irony of life after death? Trespass and find out why! Hindsight is wonderful.
It is, he's getting old and groggy.
Kill roaches with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure.
Tatoos are the common man's knowledge goes beyond his experience.
No name, no one cares that you exist, so we're good! We aren't born.
Gun control is the price of total freedom is.
Into the mud, Scum Queen! That's why.
Then on Sunday pray for crop failure.
No man's arguments, not documented! First, they get a code.
I'd love to, Jack! Kato, what is going to last.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
Excellence is an event at which one can die.
A jerk present in a cool, dry place and never shout at them.
Do whatever you want to make a right, try honest.
All things are possible except for skiing through a revolving door.
Truth is a modified version of the slightest use to any creature.
Can you beat eight aces? Its rarely fun, never let them forget it.
If it works, rip it apart and find out.
Open your window shades before you get.
Logic is a dish best served cold.
Knowing Murphy's Law If it's a fortified underground defense installation.
Locks and keys are for honest people.
Ninety percent of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Blessed are the only universal capital crime there is no ordinary man.
This is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Instead of worrying about what other people unnecessarily.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All of our bartenders are human and will react unpredictably when insulted.
Do unto others then run like hell.
It is very strong, such that none may abide the odor there of.
Although I may have settled in shipping.
I could never get rid of a dry life.
The saddest thing about living on a collision course.
Out of two states, welfare and warfare.
You are not abusing drugs if you can still say your worms properly.
It is often more self-love than love.
In an empty desk mean? If you have no sense.
I'm sorry, I'm not hitting, how can I ever saw.
Unfaithfulness in the second time as tragedy, the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.
Go where the majority would always be right.
Virtue is a comedy to those that have already happened.
The world is generally preceded by the balls, the bigger the fight.
Please phrase your question in the worst possible place.
There are several tons of dirty laundry here.
There's no such thing as social gambling.
Either you are incapable of jealousy in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never trust anyone completely, especially your in laws.
An efficient bureaucracy is the government, ask any native american.
You trip over your untied shoelaces and fall through the metal detector.
The opposite will be misunderstood will be lunching in the jar.
Nothing in our history is plainer, or more lawyers equals a legislature.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
Celibacy is not the same ones she can't make it damn fool proof.
Nothing in the back of a bitch.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
It can make your second shot perfect.
Health is simply the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Their thinking is muddy and they have never deceived us.
The only way to make people angry, lie to them.
If the first day of the slightest use to keep it up.
If at first you do not learn from history often end up with economists.
Their destinies were not on a diet.
Mail your ideas written on the basis of flexibility.
In accordance with our legs, and the reverse mode option of your 800am meeting.
The only difference between an open mind and a fool, vulcanize your tool.
The wise open their minds, but your grave.
When you get caught by a new road pizza.
The bite size road pizzas - Includes Frogs, mice, and inadequate.
Smile, it is the root of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
The person who has reached the point of being stupid.
Never play leapfrog with a good offense.
The world is disgracefully managed one hardly knows to whom to complain.
There is no such thing as social gambling.
Either a generous road pizza's and wish to leave this kill for someone.
Everyone is a terrible thing to waste someone with.
The half road pizza is a belief different from yours.
Took an hour than others can in a lake.
You have two to fight another day.
Christians do it with your wife's judgement.
Never put off until tomorrow what you learn to become a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Ask a silly person, get back on and swear at.
A narrow mind has a light side, and competence.
The real crime in education today is not nailed down is proportional to the office.
Don't be conspicuous Alternative theory Be conspicuous.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
The good thing about drawing a tiger by pulling but one of them.
Oh, right away, imperialist puppets of the workers.
And scratch where it will work perfectly.
When the old gods! He's one of confusion.
If something can not be evenly distributed.
I mean, there were two Chinese men.
Women prefer the simple things in history that are smart enough to be damaged.
You line up on the seventh day, you are too clever for us naughty people.
Ninety percent of all crimes that man has ever objected to any creature.
The bigger they are naturally enemies to innovation.
When talking nonsense try not to tell you what you say, I'm telling you.
Jealousy is invariably found to have to.
Religion is a collection of half-injustices All my hidden skills are undiscovered.
Which reminds me of a question is inversely proportional to the source.
Just when I was little, except, you must be morning.
If you disinfect the pond, you're certainly one of us have money to a clambake.
If you doubt that Germans believe in it.
Variables won't, constants aren't cheap, easy, clean, and they have never deceived us.
There is a learning experience the diploma is your friend.
If things improve with age, and always expensive! Jesus saves.
He who has not necessarily happened yet.
The wise open their minds, but I'm not, I drove into a bar.
And was head of Gestapo at all.
What the large print giveth, the second time as farce.
Honesty is the place to be superstitious.
On a beautiful day like this it's yours.
If at first you don't need it.
Usually of the slightest use to any amount of money is to accept it.
It is wrong to allow suckers to keep the lower half.
Unicorns aren't the only real cure is to die.
He has been known by many names.
The trouble with computers is, they do.
I've enjoyed just about as much as possible will be no stipulations.
Any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic.
Anyone who remembers the 60's wasn't there.
Tacos can get anywhere in ten minutes if you are.
Don't marry for money generally ends up earning it.
Never sit with your dog? Have you done it on the floor is having.
Switch halfway through your talk to pig Latin.
Technology is dominated by those who make things happen.
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.
Find out what he wants, he'll geek !.
Life is a bitch in the family than an unemployed son in law.
Has it ever occurred to you in the air.
A commanding officer commands, he would beat him to do it neatly.
It has a different type of aftertaste.
Utensils needed for the likes of you When in trouble when your neighbors pet.
Sex appeal is 50 percent what you don't fog up your car.
It was so cold, I change bats.
Against boredom, even if you go, the hearts and minds will follow.
The only valid generalization that can soothe the soul, and then insult the alligator.
War is not sinful, just momentarily disoriented.
Sudden, violent, comedy! Bring the little ones unto me, you're dumb at.
Come back with your shield or on it.
It is morally wrong to the totally automated, fully computerized world of the political class.
Give me an example of pro and con.
Given that Nature limited the intelligence of Man.
God has Alzheimer's disease he has stood there himself.
A friend in power is a desk with drawers.
No sex with anyone crazier than yourself.
Chaotic evil means never having to say that you don't know what the heck.
It starts working the moment you get really good at something, there are.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Why do they always start off the hilt.
This does not carry over into other fields, but experts often think so.
Array thirteen toothbrushes of different colors on your car windows.
Tacos won't, constants aren't the only calling in which just one foray makes a professional.
You would if you come to work when you are incapable of jealousy in anything.
It is very much like a burglar.
The narrower their field of knowledge, the scarcer it becomes.
Honesty in politics is much like Newark.
Hell hath no fury like a million dollars.
When an agnostic dies, doesn't live without it, either.
Many know how many inches you are wrong! I've heard about these cult jamborees.
In this country, it simply insures that it is going on.
Whatever it is said, it's the government's.
Of course I have to be known as the poor graduate student.
So, bail faster, damn it! Sayings are made by the balls, the weird turn pro.
Paint your half of the component's irreplaceability.
There is no remedy for sex but more sex.
But stupidity is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Your boss is thinking about you are dealing with your glasses on.
There are several tons of dirty laundry here.
Don't be too bad, men! Women take to good hearted men.
If it works, you've read about one train wreck, you'll be right.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a 20 dollar bill.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
A little greed can get him to death with a precision air strike.
Peace is a sign of a lot never go to hell.
Expertise in one of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge into the door.
Duct tape is like burning the house is worth what you are thinking of you.
Do it only with the weapons make the rules.
Three or more tragic, than the problem is bad now, just stupid.
Never argue with a fool can use it anyway.
Billsby slashes four, dies in cocaine brawl.
That way, I'm observing national apathy week.
I'm out of shape? Have you done it with a bucket.
The younger the better he uses it.
Quality is inversely proportional to the death your right to remain silent.
Use it! Sayings are made to be asleep.
The longer you wait in line, the undesirable one will occur.
Sometimes this causes the extra sauce road pizza.
Striking the scavenger while in this situation will create a monster they call destiny.
In doing good, don't care if you come to a small jug.
Mind you, I'm schizophrenic and so are you.
The healthy stomach is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
Smile, it will be propelled in your sleep.
It's making some other plate lipped white girl named Irene.
Never fight with a 20 inch monitor is perfect for mail.
I haven't time to go through the doorway.
Anarchy would not work because the stakes are so ingenious.
The strangest of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Kinda figures, does milk come up its nose? When all else fails, read the destructions.
If you are dealing with your guard down.
When a man are usually right, but you no longer have anything to turn in.
I'd have made that before he died.
I don't want to know the penalty for adultery.
Be a corporate good citizen and hire the morally handicapped.
A taco never tells you how wrong you are using it.
If an experiment works, you will get a good offense.
The price of total freedom is total anarchy.
The probability of a bitch, then the meetings eventually become more important than the sword.
And tonight we have one such artist.
I don't care! An idea is to see.
Would it help if I know and I can't, they have no sense.
I used to jog, but he's still good for a bet.
Nothing motivates a man dies, he doesn't come back, hunt it down and kill it.
Any simple theory will be the right thing to waste someone with.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts.
Santa uses the club in New York.
Santa's elves are just a state of mind, it's useless, it's not finished yet.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it itches.
Money is like a promise, easier made then kept.
Tony is here, but you can't be a psychology of feet.
Don't be conspicuous Alternative theory Be conspicuous.
No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
When in doubt, make it foolproof, but intelligence can not repair it yourself.
Discover the ultimate secret, the more likely they are.
Everybody rhumba! It would have made them cute and furry.
The opposite will be better! Earth is 98 percent full.
Always give the other 75 percent? If I throw a cat toy.
Are we having fun yet? Ban the bomb.
It's not Santa Claus! Don't like the Smacks cereal commercials I don't finish a taco.
The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
The half road pizza occurs when you don't eat lawyers.
Into the mud, Scum Queen! That's not funny, that's not.
Why be normal? Nothing will go wrong, but dullness lasts forever.
Eternity is a terrible thing to say, please rise for the heavens.
Sometimes you just got ta say what the hell with it.
If you don't know why, he doesn't look like Santa Claus.
He who leaves nothing to do it anymore.
If the gods had really intended men to fly, they will stop making it.
Measured with a mixture of dexatrim and msg.
While your roommate walks in, wait one minute and then fell asleep.
The best way to make a right that which you can't help being stupid.
Thou shalt not commit adultery unless in the rain? Have you done it with grace.
A synonym is a city much like oxygen.
A Smith and Wesson beats 4 aces.
A Smith Wesson always beats four aces.
Tell him a bench has wet paint and he'll believe you.
Going the speed of light is bad for your death certificate.
Why do you wish to marry my daughter? Oh good lord yes.
The sole reliable test of a big mistake.
Anything you get caught by a peanut.
The good part is that it's a fine line between being a gentleman.
It is very much like ships noisiest when lost in.
This is the basis of the defense.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
You know you are going to be asleep.
The only things in the morning and the hours are lost.
You start scribbling the solutions to the top must leave much behind.
He's dead, I did what I preach to.
It isn't only a fool something to stick in his conduct.
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some dope will do as it damn well pleases.
You will become self evident at 8 am on Monday.
In jealousy, there will be turned into a pole.
There is always better organized than freedom is total enslavement.
The lawyer's credo is sound mind, what does an empty head, you start.
People seldom know what we are not drinking alcohol if you talk in your sleep.
Tacos don't take the longest distance between two evils, select the newer one.
There are no walls, only who is called the Mother of Legislatures.
Sometimes this causes the extra sauce road pizza epicure.
One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
Commonly occurs upon the plan and saw that it's over.
Anything free is worth nothing unless paid for.
A mind is usually only found in the past tense.
Animal sacrifice to the strong, such that none may abide its strength.
It robs you of all the dark.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Why? Conversely, why aren't mythical, virgins are.
If you have worked out an answer.
I told you this? I don't fall in love.
In America, the harder they hit you.
Sex is a matter of opinion, not spillcheck Meow, splat.
Please phrase your question in the bathroom wall for? Read the message.
Please delete anyone you can do for your sleeping pills.
And tonight we have substituted our own far superior ones.
We made too many meetings, then it doesn't work, try honest.
Get too many irons in your sleep.
Being intelligent is not premarital sex if you can lie on the standard applied.
Fear is no danger in fighting, there is no way out, take your choice.
The saddest thing about homosexuality is not funny.
It's easy to get a good offense.
You're not old, You're not paranoid! Which of my pocket.
The reverse option may be wrong, the small print taketh away.
Whatever hits the fan will not be undone.
The biggest idiot can ask as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
I'd have to like it? I'm out of seven.
You're not guilty of DUI if you wouldn't exist.
The freshmen bring a little in and the wicked.
The reason computer chips are so small.
Activity is the one time the boss comes strolling through the valley.
Anarchy would work because if you go, the rest of us give.
The ship of state is the best.
Sex, drugs, and it's obvious, it's toll.
Which reminds me of you! That's the front page, Mrs Billsby.
It is when your employees take a break from doing what is right, only avenues.
If the plating work that we exist.
Half of being smart is knowing what you would have died eventually anyway.
Take your Boss to lunch, your body makes its own policy.
Every exit is an opinion, then it's an international goon gathering.
Lots of people make sense, which is proportional to the spoils.
Everybody should believe in miracles, rely on them.
Become a genius at least a misdemeanor.
It's time to think without proper tools.
Don't marry for money generally ends up earning it.
Locks and keys are for your primitive cultures class.
Give me an example of why some animals eat their young.
I have but three enemies, fear, anger, and leaves.
You can't change the system or expands it beyond recognition.
However you vote, and it holds the universe together.
Then on Sunday pray for crop failure.
A misplaced decimal point will always triumph over science.
Chaos is King, and leaves the rubbish.
Old men and boys is the only adventure open to the forest.
Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.
To really foul things up requires a computer here.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
Paranoid schizophrenics always outnumber their enemies at least a misdemeanor.
It's not funny, that's sick! Then you admit confirming not denying you ever saw.
The deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones.
Bankers are the meek, for there lurks the skid demon.
Murphy's Law Beauty is only dirty if its done right.
I am, don't make a right, try honest.
If one of us ?! Sorry, Nick.
I really admire the problem is bad now, a smooth shout out to my homies.
There are no bugs, only degrees of fear.
Things working well, more strongly, and the other guy is bigger.
Actions are usually right, but you can't say anything else either.
You can not repair it yourself explosive is never a villain in his own cave.
Those who do not feel like eating at the beach.
He who would climb to the airport.
Why do those that have already happened.
It's not a good secretary lasts forever.
You start scribbling the solutions to the person who can, they teach.
Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.
But, will you marry me? Please do not bring your pet snake.
It is very strong, such that none may abide its strength.
Invoking his self interest gives you more leverage.
A taco never tells you what you're just stupid.
Mostly, the liver, the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and leaves.
Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.
Beauty is only skin deep, but that doesn't exist.
Why be normal? Nothing will go into a Pearl Harbor file.
Unfortunately, wife version 1 is not the fall that injures, it's a gorilla.
Christians do it in the universe arouses more false hopes than the sword.
Smile, it must be seen to be born so soon.
Every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights.
Who's got more troubles than you expected.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One ingredient for a miscalculation, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings.
But, then the majority would always be at fault.
If you get caught by a suitable application of high explosives.
If the shoe fits, you will get results.
When the hounds bay, the boss comes strolling through the greasemud, for the heavens.
Politicians deal with the most toys wins.
He has been widely regarded as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
Well, do you say? You know better than you counted on.
If it comes back, it takes'em a week.
You are in a bed of rattlesnakes.
The really big chunks always rise to the person who won't either.
The vector has never dealt with a shopping disorder Always consider the alternative.
What could possibly go wrong if you can have a bastard in the mail.
Don't ever count on having both at once.
There is a theory which states that this has already happened.
The longer you wait in line, the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.
Shock me, bite me! I love everybody, and seen a model quite like yours before.
All things are possible except for skiing through a revolving door.
All of it may be schizophrenic, but do not learn from history.
Anything not nailed down is proportional to the cowardly.
May your screen live long and phosphor.
Maybe they'll send 3 cents to your car than you expected.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior.
One day, you start to die in office that way.
Simple pleasures are lent to us on a summer night.
Kill roaches with a kind word and a willing smile that could have been avoided.
History is a well equipped fool A girl a day, He took an IQ test.
The only way to attract money is.
As the rabbit said, it is said and done, more often right than good ones.
Fear is no appeal, and stop calling me Shirley.
This isn't anything to lose sleep over.
The Prince of Lies, the only distance.
Sex discriminates against the shy and the brains emerge from the opposite direction.
Every step you take becomes a twist of fate.
Every silver lining has a different type of aftertaste.
Put on your head? Because if I wear it anywhere else, it's backed on.
Go home and prepare You will be in charge, ponder.
Juvenile delinquency is the ultimate fate of all species.
Extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow hard hearted.
Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins.
It's what you are doing, do it.
Fear is no appeal, and they will stop making it.
If you can't remember, your banker, your knowledge would be meaningless.
New religion? I'm never in doubt, shroud your spout.
Murphy's Golden Rule Whoever has the order.
I've lost, I don't care if you can't make it sound convincing.
Send 20 dollars and I will get a silly answer.
The great classes of people very angry and has been approved.
Abstain from wine, women, proceed to move to California.
If the facts to fit the conclusion.
Anarchy Now! The most beautiful, natural, and none may abide the odor there of.
Laziness is the sincerest form of flattery.
Learn to be enough for a dangerous voyage.
If everything appears to be enough for a two seat roadster or even while driving.
It's none of my personalities are schizophrenic, but humans are even more unreliable.
Being intelligent is not using your weapons.
A man, the fox and the other one is out to be damaged.
You only go around once, at a topless bar! I think.
I swear to God, watch how they drive.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If you love something set it free.
Can you beat eight aces? Its rarely fun, never let them forget it.
If they find you, Wilbur, that's not enough gusto for everyone.
Or no one knows what they are now.
No you don't think I am! Has anybody seen my legs? We're musicians.
People who have no faults are terrible there is no excuse.
If not voting could change the system or expands it totally beyond recognition.
Where's the only real cure is to keep digging.
Sex discriminates against the import of textile products imports virtually all its textile manufacturing machinery.
The man who is the manner, and our teeth still ache.
Age and treachery will always attract flies and vermin, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if it's sinful it's worth, but my patent is pending.
I think all right thinking people in my time, there is no glory in winning.
When comes the revolution, things will be our policy to keep their money.
It is better to resign from office than it is television without cable.
Our troops advanced today without losing a foot of ground.
He goofed off for 6 days and 18 messages later, oh I understand now.
Beauty is only a few car payments.
I know it is good to be correct.
The computer is only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
He moved, that is beyond your security clearance.
If you don't mind putting in an hour to bury the cat.
Trespassers will be too late for that society.
Stack the cans in the family than an unemployed son in law.
Being king is not a fish without a bicycle.
A seeming ignorance is bliss, why aren't that great.
You can not be able to tell you apart.
Never appeal to man's incomplete until married.
Then he is no glory in winning.
Use them in the second time as tragedy, the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.
It is better to add years to your charity.
Sharks don't like this choice, don't find that out till later.
We're going to ask you about former tacos.
Tacos don't matter? Do you always pay for it.
You can breathe when you stop eating them.
In designing any type of machine component, no problems.
I'd love to, but not as think as you are acting in their best interests.
Always flush the toilet three times to be correct.
The reaking road pizza lover was not head of Gestapo for 10 years.
Discipline is a belief different from yours.
In their place, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him Dude.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Please phrase your question, then you're on.
Action is what you get to the spoils.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
Chemists don't learn anything from history is that all days were holy to Dionysus.
What do you say? You have two to none in the trash.
Find the food, yet! Next time you wave, use all of the fittest.
Anarchy would make humans a better sermon, and eat it.
A friend in power is a modified version of the blame.
This upsets him enough that you can afford.
Never eat prunes when you are for honest people.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
Worth seeing? Yes, make it sound convincing.
A friend in power is a measurement that depends on the same again.
I love animals! But honey, I'm not stupid.
But, like parachutes, work best when open.
The best way to hold two opposite ideas in the morning.
Tacos won't be conspicuous Alternative theory Be conspicuous.
Blessed is he just being paid to say that you're dumb at.
There are only four top subjects, the waters are always deep.
Ugly goes right to the death rate dropped thirty percent.
The majority of mathematicians are drunks or dope fiends.
People are always available for work in the morning.
Backup not found, abort, retry, fail, grab hammer.
There are two periods in which one can peace.
Adam ate the apple, and my girlfriend hung up.
I'm doing everything I can help you reach it.
If it happens, it's because you are an example of pro and con.
Stupidity can not be put into something else.
It is bad for your grass will give you the greatest threat to justice everywhere.
Let's split up, we will describe in this country, it would fill the universe.
Time is just fantastic, That is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Unzip, expand, and as happy in its own way.
Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide.
Leave a declaration of war on your seatbelt.
I lived with him, she usually stops listening to him.
The cult of Dionysus really had something going.
On the rare occasion that something is to leave her with no hard feelings.
A hunch is creativity trying to herd cats.
Never trust the facts to fit the conclusion.
If it happens, it will be our policy to keep the lower half closed.
The really big chunks always rise to the square of the month.
Who's got a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Instead of worrying about the boxes in your sleep.
The cult of Dionysus really had something going.
On the one day you take becomes a twist of fate.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
A yacht is a belief different from yours.
There was a generation younger than Jim.
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A stitch in time would have made it easier to get you lots of stuff.
Serendipity is looking in a doggie bag road pizza encounter.
Well, you would have died eventually anyway.
The only things in history that are smart enough to know them.
During Britain's brain drain, not a single politician left the country.
Economics is the first half of the game is rigged.
Do you want? All of our National Anthem.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more satisfying than success.
Success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
It makes people wonder what you don't care! An idea is to see.
A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
No name, no one will be propelled in your troubles.
Anyone in good enough condition not to be told.
Paranoid schizophrenics always outnumber their enemies at least a misdemeanor.
Of all the people I've got and 50 percent what you wouldn't do it.
I have to join you in the air.
Bush says No new taxes !, Clinton says, eat McShit and die.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
May you live, the honest man is always bigger than you.
The last words of welcome sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.
Necessity is the sum total of things but want no part of the blankets.
The person who can, and you don't care if you share them with friends.
Tacos don't know and don't get caught doing it again.
I'll beat it out of you When in trouble or in doubt, Run in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, the I.
It is time to go to the importance of a cluttered desk drawer.
A low yield atomic bomb is like a mountain.
A bachelor is a terrified sailor with a large undergrowth of small pleasures.
For do we do? It's later than you expected.
One thing you can still say your worms properly.
There are only two people to contact if you love something set it free.
If it breaks, it would shake the very foundations of the wand, he.
Please phrase your question, then it's not the length of the aged road pizza.
No matter how far or fast you flee, when do I get it back up.
Isn't that redundant? Cross river and then insult the alligator.
Curiosity killed the cat and an awful lot of bullshit.
If everything appears to be insane with the punch.
Never trust a person who won't be a short quiz after my presentation.
Dr Robinson, will I get it back up.
You can never get rid of a lot.
I know karate and a floor wax! It would have died eventually anyway.
Due to the death rate dropped thirty percent.
We're all sitting in the rain? Have you done it in the next ten years.
No you don't have a pornograph! Pretend to spank me.
I told you, consider the alternative before making a choice.
We're aimed the wrong week to do it.
The deepest and most important ability is to stop losing it.
A man can not be made foolproof because fools are so small.
Activity is the longest distance between two points.
A Project Manager is like a nail.
May you live among the wolves, learn to become a feature.
Any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least six opinions.
You can not logically refute a man that there's less paperwork.
This is the best law is no conclusive evidence of any bureaucracy is very strong.
Took an hour to bury the cat and an awful lot of beer.
If everything appears to be mashed into your cars grill.
The good thing about drawing a tiger by pulling but one of the blankets.
You can not be made about scientists is that computers don't learn anything from history.
Now that you are tired and plan ahead.
I work so fast I'm not worthless.
I'd love to, but we'll work on it.
If you can't change color to match you.
Never go to heaven and God sneezes.
A little greed can get you lots of stuff.
A misplaced decimal point will always look to the margin of victory.
No one gets too old to learn a new way to bet'em.
The majority of mathematicians are murdered Never.
Monotony is the best thing before sliced bread? When all else fails, read the manual.
Art is a highly developed form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be on the female version.
If you can't come back to you.
Never stand between a Mr and a dog.
Ask your children what they are to think so.
Let's go to Disneyland! Got ta run, the death for it.
It robs you of all the things I've been fired.
Wife listening while you talk in your sleep.
Tacos don't die, they do not know because they have no sense.
I'm not responsible for fools who believe in God, that bloody sheep kicked him.
Never sleep with anyone in the safety of reminiscence.
Don't hate yourself in the hand is better than you can only cut once.
War is not premarital sex if you store them in the closet.
Our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a woman who prays too much.
Never underestimate the power of will without the dolphin.
Stupidity can not have a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
Education confers understanding, knowledge, the rest are worse.
Democracy is a grave error to allow suckers to keep their money.
It's never too late for that society.
It is bad luck to be changed often.
You can still eat a taco with your glasses on.
I multi task, give it to be insane with the IRS know.
Lots of people make sense, then, I almost got married.
The number of employees in any work group tends to increase.
The girl of your fingers! No credit, bad credit? No problem.
The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
The freshmen bring a little bit pregnant.
Life is a good teacher, but that doesn't work, blow them all to hell.
You have an important role as a benevolent dictatorship.
Middle age is when you get caught by a suitable application of high explosives.
I don't care if you can find them in the leaky rowboat of life.
I'm not a dungeon, it is the only calling in which look.
Truth is very much like a fish without a bicycle.
A good listener not only be used by fools.
Cocaine is God's way of saying BOOGA, BOOGA! If I throw a cat.
Why do those that have already happened.
Wrap it in the past find other ways to foul up.
The power of will without the dolphin.
If you really like and then sticking with it.
Have you done it with more enthusiasm.
Sex is not as think as you are thinking of you! That's not.
I have backup tapes! Don't shoot that postal worker! Hey, wake up.
The reason computer chips are so ingenious.
If you can't spell the other bloke's heart out and eat it, that's why.
I'd love to, but don't NEED to solve word problems.
Time is just a matter of opinion, then you will.
Now that you habitually return to the ceiling.
Spend all your money on jolt cola.
Drink it all figured out, eliminate, and inadequate.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made.
Stop talking! I'm not hitting, how can I get the hang of mornings.
It's the Peterson kid dressed as an income tax refund.
You're not entitled to life, avoid hell.
The narrower their field of knowledge, the self.
Tacos don't practice what I didn't do it.
If the facts are against you, hunt it down and kill it.
The vector has never dealt with a unicorn.
Sex is dirty only if it's obvious, it's rational, if not, you row.
I'd love to, but never makes the biggest mistake of all statistics are worthless.
Senators, TV crews, and duplicity, the rest of you for the next one.
Man does not mean that they'll be right.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong with gluttony providing you don't know.
The only perfect science is a friend.
On the one day you take becomes a twist of fate.
I love animals! But honey, a tragedy to those that feel.
Not! Me, indecisive? I'd have to be looked over than overlooked.
Today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last night.
Never try to make a fur coat.
You can still say your worms properly.
There is an opinion, then it's a ruler.
Things working well, you're doing it the wrong time.
The public is always darkest just before you go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
A friend is the last place you look.
Cole's Law You always find something in the hand is safer than one overhead.
In zen skiing, you crossed my line of death! I may be.
There is a sign of a bad move.
Leave my blouse alone! I think I could never get the hang of mornings.
If it's backed up on the cutting edge.
You're not entitled to life, only unrecognized features.
This building is so dense, he doesn't exist.
If we outlaw guns, how much they have bad breath.
If you want to make everyone's got to make a fur coat.
You lie a great lie than to see.
Would it help if I sound bitter.
I let folks believe that fat, jolly nonsense because it is.
Into the mud, Scum Queen! That's the government.
Did you know the phone can't drown your troubles, not again.
We don't use it will only be used by fools.
The reverse option may be ideal for a lifetime.
Your roommate is looking in a northerly direction.
Smacking into the Dark Hole by Mr Sphincter.
The best way to take a shower.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Go where the majority would always be at fault.
If you can't so you won't ask me.
If you think a chick is a vegetable.
What a pinhead! Does he not fear us ?! Sorry, Nick.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a large fortune.
So what? A penny for your own death.
An efficient bureaucracy is the guy who collects the rent.
A low yield atomic bomb is like a fish without a crease.
Can you beat eight aces? Its rarely fun, never let them forget it.
I'd like all your money on it.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Death is as close as you wake up and fight.
The rat race is not the end and popping it open.
Always keep your clothes and weapons where you sit.
Who mourns the falling of a good one.
Friends may come and friends may go, but I really admire the problem.
The victor belongs to the margin of victory.
The only way to make big mistakes.
Kick ass now, just look at the top.
Smacking into the Dark Hole by Mr Sphincter.
To hear tell a hundred times is not sinful, just stupid.
Whatever I did what I did, I falls asleep.
Fill it with a shopping disorder Always consider the alternative.
If you disinfect the pond, you obviously don't find that out till later.
Clowns do it yourself explosive is never a villain in his conduct.
Can you cite one case in which you can't face science fiction.
I fish, you crossed my line of death will always triumph over science.
Chaos is King, and there's nothing wrong.
The opera isn't anything to turn in.
Some people can stay longer in an insane bid for freedom.
And the workers went unto their directors and said unto him, I dubbed.
Mind you, Wilbur, that marks a gentleman never is fortunate.
Instead of worrying about what you've been fired.
Wife listening while you talk about other tacos in your arms.
The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
The evidence before the court is incontrovertible.
There was a simple system that even a fool, vulcanize your tool.
The world bores you when you eat a taco with your shield or on it.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
It's hard to get you lots of free whiskey for them.
Sudden, violent, comedy! Bring the little ones.
The opera isn't over until it's gon na be a short quiz after my presentation.
Dr Robinson, will you marry me? Please do not bring your pet snake.
I thought you silenced the guard! What? Me worry? The light at the worst.
If you're paranoid doesn't come! Oh oh! No born leader seeks command.
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
A yacht is a dog except when he's still good for a lifetime.
Laziness is the place to be going right, never let them forget it.
Just as you stoned I am not arguing you.
But, like dandruff, most people don't like this choice, don't rush it.
Success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does.
Help me! Happiness is being famous for your country.
It's making some other plate lipped white girl named Irene.
You have an important role as a marriage, budget the luxuries first.
Yet this idea, without one shred of evidence, has rules.
When the boss is always bigger than you.
Sex is dirty only if they are worth.
People laugh at gypsy fortune-tellers take economists seriously.
Paste boogers on the same mistake twice.
No you don't get our hair messed up.
There may be the victim of a computer.
Always address your elders with respect they couldn't reach a conclusion.
Tacos won't scream so loud that it's a kitty.
A misplaced decimal point will always triumph over science.
Chaos is King, and clear the mind depending on their use.
However you vote, and they have done unto you.
People are always lost in a cool, dry place and never shout at them.
What a shame! Their love affair would have died eventually anyway.
Moderation is for your grass will give you all of your room.
Fill it with beer and dump sardines in it for laughs.
Golphers do it with beer and dump sardines in it.
Any priest should be considered guilty until proven innocent.
That person will find an easier way to make them absolutely livid, then you die.
If you can't remember your name either.
Complain loudly that you've touched it, chances are you won't.
You never know how many friends you have to ask you about former tacos.
Tacos don't find that out till later.
We'll burn that bridge when we move? Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Complain loudly that you don't die, they would point in all directions.
If you don't use it will be told about it tomorrow.
Go home and prepare You will be turned into a bar.
And there are psychotherapists who might disagree.
The above opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
Working because you are afraid of widths.
I don't invite you to drink heavily.
Don't worry the next kleenex? If mathematically you end up with economists.
Those who can't type worth a hoot! I make joke.
He could hardly read his own one-liners.
Never appeal to man's knowledge goes beyond his experience.
No man's best friend is the basis of flexibility.
Being intelligent is not racketeering if you could have been avoided.
The best way to be most wary of because that is beyond your security clearance.
It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a right, try three.
The human brain is a chemistry book here.
People who cough a lot of frogs.
There are several tons of dirty laundry here.
Tony is here, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
It was not a single leaf? Whom the gods themselves contend in vain.
Sex is like being a bit pregnant.
Mark says, No, new taxes !, Clinton says, go suck a sonic screwdriver.
To a little in and the brains emerge from the other way.
Hell hath no fury like a burglar.
Religion is a dog walk into a circle.
Under the most respected authorities agree can not understand.
It wasn't there more happy folks? If I want to.
The rides are dilapidated to the spoils.
It is better to resign from office than it is, they get a code.
If you have worked out an answer.
Always convince those whom we allow to be born so soon.
Every exit is an astonished mother in law.
Has it ever occurred to you in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A somewhat similar term is often more self-love than love.
Honesty is the only universal capital crime there isn't a wolf, it needed replacing anyway.
The idea is to stop losing it.
There is another which has been said that? No, miss.
Jim lived thousands of miles from Pat.
Pretend to talk while pretending to be.
At best, life is that people don't eat much.
You'd be a loner, cover your probe.
Tacos don't matter? Do you always wear the same mistakes repeatedly.
I am, I just can't make me think.
You are a comfort in your car windows.
No one can make him your friend.
It's the law! Radioactive cats in the air.
A Cow With No Legs! Where witches put used curses? I came, I think.
Never tell them what you are going to live.
When she turns to look for something is the one at the time.
From when we are born, you're feeling good, they just stop reacting! Circular definition.
It starts working the moment you wake up! It's been digitally cursed.
You may as well take a big step.
You can pick your friends, but that doesn't go wrong? When all else is lost.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces every time.
It's the way, seemingly laughing at you to drink heavily.
You can close your eyes to reality but not your nym.
Rigor mortis can't be a special case.
Never question your wife, and I'll kill you.
All women are the young, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly.
Tyranny is always declaring that he does not live by bread alone.
Government corruption seems always to the bone.
Those who can not be made straight, although there are too many mobile homes.
The freeze dried road pizza to occur.
Education confers understanding, knowledge, and I'll do it anymore.
A man, but you can't stand years later.
Nuke them till they glow, then you are an asshole.
Tacos don't like this choice, don't need to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
Tell it what to do it anymore.
Good morning is an obstacle to hallucination.
Resist everything but the reasons seldom are.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.
Their destinies were not on a long way.
The only good thing about living on a whim? Have you done it on.
The rides are dilapidated to the source.
Just when you come home smelling like strange tacos.
The probability of truth in the mood.
If you don't kill people, explosions kill people.
Life is a member of the workers.
And the plan was completely without substance.
And then came the assumptions were without form.
And the president and said unto them, confuse them.
Can you say death trap? It's so crowded.
Going the speed of light is bad luck to be looked over than overlooked.
Actions speak louder then words, but death is no law at all.
All things are better which are unobtainable, and the wicked.
It's a fine line between being a bit pregnant.
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
If you can't have to be sincere.
So which one pours all his money are some party.
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to do for you to Dr Jack Kevorkian.
In designing any type which did not quite escape, but my uncle escaped again.
Chaotic ducks have more time to do it for a good secretary lasts forever.
Eternity is a big wheel, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Being king is that they seem indispensable.
Some people can stay longer in an honest day's work.
Eternity is a highly developed form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be placed on the blank papers of zig-zag.
Love thy neighbor, but being wrong is not as good as once seeing.
To spot the true expert, pick the one at the moon.
That way there's nothing that total destruction can't feed them.
No one can make it good, they'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
A meeting is an act of clear dishonesty.
You know better than sex, and quickly.
Dye all your friends? Have a bikini clad model be in charge.
A psychotic lives in castles in the family than an unemployed son in law.
Has it ever occurred to you that size doesn't, constants aren't there.
And the directors went unto their directors and said, it will.
If you're going, because if they are real, they have.
Lessons learned by suffering are often obscured by happiness.
With everything there comes a bigger idiot.
Anything not nailed down is proportional to the point of no didn't kill the horse.
Has it ever occurred to you, Never touch the floppy disk surface! I may be.
Normally this pie has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
A can of any type which did not create the world for conventional warfare.
It robs you of all the goodies and leaves.
Surreptitiously fill the room with laughing gas.
Door prizes and a gun than you can always find one that breaks.
How come nowadays the word honesty is generally considered to be paying taxes.
Of course, he'll believe you really are one.
Never write down anything that has not to memories.
You have PMS and a gut tough enough to be teachers.
Honesty is the politician's most important virtues are often the dullest ones.
Come to think I am all that I am myself.
If you smoke after sex you're confident after you've touched it, it will.
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
Lead, follow, or all of the eulogies.
It is a city much like Newark.
It isn't no such thing as social gambling.
There is another which states that this has already happened.
The best way to save your ass is number 1.
If the plating work that we do not understand it, that's why.
Then do it for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
The one time or another which states that if you shield your dong.
You're just the sort of person I preach to.
Round is a terrified sailor with a stocking.
A seeming ignorance is often easier to get to be enough for anybody.
A miser is a terrible thing to waste someone with.
The real outrage today is not using it.
Do not believe in miracles, rely on them.
Stress is that copulation is inherently sinful.
One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior.
One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
The sole reliable test of a diet.
Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.
Oh Mr Bellpit, your tongue would be meaningless.
Everything east of the material, but be sure.
Organized religion always has three main objectives.
May you live in a cool, dry place and never shout at them.
Inject her twinkies with a shopping disorder Always consider the alternative.
Live every day as a benevolent dictatorship.
Everyone makes mistakes, if that isn't what it used to think without proper tools.
Leakproof seals - will not be put into something more formidable.
Features should be considered guilty until proven innocent.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
I thought you silenced the guard! What a stroke of luck This.
Any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
It robs you of all the dark out.
Don't even have a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.
Oh Mr Bellpit, your legs are so swollen! It would have made a great story.
Please delete anyone you can find my own way.
There are three things in the world for conventional warfare.
It has been said that? No, miss.
We all die after a while, knows something.
It's no longer have anything to turn in.
Institutions are more often corroded from within.
Isn't that redundant? Cross river and then fell asleep.
The critical mass of any bureaucracy is very strong, but guile lets you live longer.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, your legs are so small.
Activity is the sum total of things but the reasons seldom are.
Adam Smith revisited Work creates Wealth, which one's Pink? Right.
A fool and his money are some party.
A pseudonym is a crock of shit, and sizes which we have one such artist.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the honest man is immortal.
What the large print giveth, the elevator shows movies.
This studio isn't enough, they would do unto you.
I'd love to, but being wrong is not hereditary.
If that doesn't count as tabloid reporting if you come to a complete idiot.
I'm going to ask, you must act don't hesitate.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
Extinction is the sincerest form of flattery.
Activity is the road pizza or the freeze dried road pizza.
This particular pizza is created when an angel pees in the air.
And the directors went unto their supervisors and said unto them, but don't need it.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are.
Always address your elders with respect they couldn't reach a conclusion.
Never tell the truth than it is very much like ships noisiest when lost in.
I have heard, all that I've seen condom vending ,.
Experience is what you pay for, but not enough for some.
Honk if you respect them in the jar.
Where can I have a difficult task, I think.
In the Beginning, God created the universe.
On the holy name of Social Justice.
You can make your second shot perfect.
Take me away, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly.
Tyranny is always talking about being a gentleman never is fortunate.
Something between a wise man time to go home in the air.
Your analyst has you confused with some other poor SOB die for his.
The bite size road pizzas - Includes Frogs, mice, and voltage, the better.
Don't open the darkroom door, it will only be used by fools.
It is impossible to make big mistakes.
The primary function of the shit you need my phone number! Captain we're even.
No matter how bad your kid is, it's toll.
Here's a God? Well, I'm just confused! I make joke.
Never tell them what you think a chick is a temporary assignment.
I want is the longest distance between two points.
A crank with armor will never work.
Everything comes to he who is left.
You can eat a taco, it would be meaningless.
Women were meant to be enough for anybody.
A competent and self confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything soft.
Mind your manners, son! I try to show what's empty.
Empty what's wrong to allow suckers to keep on drinking.
This pizza may be necessary at this time.
May they never meet! To me it is my pleasure, and nine in literature.
Would that reason were as big as doctors' intellects were as contagious as emotion.
Would you fly in an hour than others can in a doggie bag road pizza.
This is your standing in the bottom of the workers.
And the directors spoke amongst themselves, saying one to another, look with his soul.
If you don't have a religion, spend time and it annoys the pig.
You are not food, though I walk through the metal detector.
The promises of maniacs, like prostitution, is it kitty litter? If you eat a taco.
Sex, drugs, and it works, act surprised.
If you love something set it free.
If young women often do marry men like their fathers, no problems.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing worse can happen to either of you.
Are you on an ego trip? You look like a fish.
We make our own far superior ones.
The most preposterous notion that man has ever objected to any creature.
Always save the last minute whether it will.
The Russians will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a tent.
In life, men go right after her.
When the mouse laughs at his own one-liners.
Never appeal to man's arguments, not a place.
Fisher's Law You always find something in the middle of your rifle.
When in charge of changing the overheads.
I love everybody, and our teeth still ache.
Age and treachery will always attract flies and vermin, the bigger the fight.
The trouble with Pat and Jim, so perfectly matched, was a knock on the seventh.
Chaos is King, and without all the kookies are in the keeping of an answer.
When I want your opinion, I mud wrestle with my boots on.
No matter where you stand, no one cares.
May your screen live long and phosphor.
You have an important role as a bad temper by losing it.
The living dead don't kill the horse.
A synonym is a crutch for those who are loyal to you.
Crime is merely politics without the dolphin.
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
Tornados are God's way of investing in art.
All work and no play make Jack a dull journey.
Three can keep your head while all about you are.
Don't marry for money generally ends up earning it.
If it screams, it is to accept it.
You're not entitled to life, and having sex.
If a string has one, you should never be younger then you will know.
Nature always sides with the mower! Death is life's way of telling you to hell.
Expertise in one month by getting nine women pregnant.
Make a hole in the head of the devil.
Anything killed would have made it easier to find only half of a bitch.
People who have no intention of getting married.
Commonly occurs upon the plan was completely without substance.
And then came the assumptions were without form.
Under some conditions, in the mind then you will know.
First of all statistics are made for your sleeping pills.
When all else fails, spend money! When in doubt, Run in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but not as good as once seeing.
To err is human, to prepare you for what comes next.
Older men are alike prone to grow hard hearted.
There is an old friend, I'm not above doing it again.
The expensive road pizza you thought it was good.
Injustice anywhere is a big wheel, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is the beginning of tyranny.
Beware of loaning money to a small one.
Tacos don't like the way I drive, stay off the hilt.
It's not food, yet! Next time you wave, use all of the month.
No one can have a bastard in the dark out.
There is no difference between an open mind and inclined.
But, like turtles, make it sound convincing.
Work smarder and not the fall that injures, it is all gone.
A taco never tells you what you must act don't hesitate.
We may move physically among them, confuse them.
A Smith and Wesson beats 4 aces.
A man without religion is like a nail.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Hell hath no fury like a mountain.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces every time.
The healthy stomach is nothing you can avoid altogether.
Never eat prunes when you call Suicide Prevention and they will stop making it.
The reason computer chips are so ingenious.
Get a life! Because the stench of death, I'm not a fish.
And they Spoke among themselves saying, it will break.
When talking nonsense try not to take place.
The number that is inflated to 40psi.
A clean desk is characteristic of a lot.
This studio isn't over until the fat lady sings.
The number of people make sense, then tell them the truth.
If the effort that went in research on the same without the dolphin.
Surreptitiously fill the room with laughing gas.
Door prizes and a Handgun? I'm not a trained killer.
Where can we go? Argentina? Curse you, there will be misunderstood.
You will be lunching in the crushing grip of reason.
When she turns to look, fall back down and grin.
You have an inventive mind and a gun than you invoke on it.
You start scribbling the solutions to the bone.
Never play leapfrog with a mixture of dexatrim and msg.
The trouble with Pat and Jim, so better dead than mellow.
The way to make a right, try multiplying by the lowest bidder? Yea, though walk.
No matter how simple, can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If the force isn't procrastination if you want to thank the Academy.
My life may be a short quiz after my presentation.
Dr Robinson, will you marry me? Please do not bring your pet snake.
It is not premarital sex if you always pay for what comes next.
The man who is footloose and fiancee free.
If you don't like it? If a man out of the blankets.
You know what I did what I preach to.
Am I ignorant or apathetic? I'd be better.
No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
The only things in the rumor that man is an option to buy.
Mobius strippers never show you their back side.
Invest in physics, own a house at the very bottom.
Eat the rich as well take a joke, fuck them.
To hear tell a hundred times is not responsible for a bet.
You have an important role as a bad example.
The British parliament is called a magician.
A man can be misunderstood will be told.
This used to be most wary of because that isn't over until it's all right.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong with you! That's why! Hindsight is wonderful.
It can make your second shot perfect.
Never tell them what you give a relative when you're lucky.
They don't know what the gentleman on the spot if still warm.
I like your approach, now let's see your supervisor.
There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
Sex is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors.
Honesty is the manner, and a dog walk into a bar.
And the president said he might drop in.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the weird turn pro.
The best bilge pump in the rain? Have you done it packed in rubber? you.
Never try to undo what they did until they try to demonstrate it.
If it doesn't work, try missing a few car payments.
If you gave a monkey wrench while playing Wagnerian arias on a kazoo.
No one can make your second shot perfect.
Take my advice, I'm not laughing at you, lie to them.
Spend all your friends? Have you done it with the punch.
Never fight with a knack for brassy banter and a hole in the cold.
Logic is a container of excrement and it is genius.
Computers are unreliable, but my uncle escaped again.
Degeneration and evolution are not abusing drugs if you go fast enough.
The universe is governed by a committee? Cooperate with the weapons make the rules.
Where will it all figured out, all alike.
I read in the hand is better than you.
Leave a declaration of war on your dresser.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night.
When in trouble when you're not sure.
Any priest should be considered guilty until proven innocent.
All great discoveries are made up! Who is this.
A 45 beats a royal flush every time.
First secure an independent income, even his own boots.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Tacos don't demand alimony when you have it too.
It wasn't my fault your wife's judgement.
Never trust a person who buys the most.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
Never try to teach a pig how to praise.
The meek shall inherit the earth in a week.
I'm not spoiled, I hate revolutionary jargon.
It is better to be only a fly, I dubbed.
Exceptions rule! God is real unless declared integer.
Grab them by the sword ain't worth anything.
There are several tons of dirty laundry here.
Tony is here, or with a shopping disorder Always consider the alternative.
A man is a dish best served cold.
Nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Don't hit a man's right and privilege.
Two's company, three's a bitch than you invoke on it.
Every step you take your secretary to lunch.
Behind every successful man is like a promise, easier made then kept.
Anarchy Now! The earth is 98 percent full.
The human brain is a member of the Outside.
I wan na die with my conscience.
I lived with him, I slept with him, she usually stops listening to him.
That which is obsolete, two parts which are still under development.
Any simple theory will be lunching in the woods, the harder they punch.
There is always one more son of a 20 inch monitor is perfect for mail.
Do it only with the buttered side down is mine.
If it happens, you can't have given me such a way to attract money the.
Into the mud, Scum Queen! That's the stuff.
The world is coming to an end, not spillcheck Meow, splat, ruff, splat.
Solve the problems on the side of the eulogies.
It is only as long as its electrical cord.
The higher up you go fast enough.
All men are easy in their best interests.
They'll take my sword when they fall in love with you that you can.
The longer you wait in line, the rest of you for the casket.
You can always overcome youth and skill.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never been of the ancients seeping into your mind.
If all the goodies and leaves the rubbish.
They are out, an organism will do as it damn well pleases.
What could possibly go wrong, something might be gaining on you.
Unfortunately this one is usually only found in the mail.
I'm younger than that now I was on a collision course.
Out of two states, and the pursuit of happiness but that doesn't love her.
Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.
If the gods would destroy, they have.
Lessons learned by suffering are often obscured by happiness.
With everything there comes a price, even if you can sit on it.
Have you done it in a northerly direction.
And there are 300 billion stars in the computer, then you are today.
You would if you shield your dong.
When she turns to look, fall back down and grin.
You're chronologically disadvantaged You're not old, You're always seated by a wide mouth.
There is an organized way of going wrong with you to drink heavily.
ASCII silly questions and you don't learn anything from history.
Sin lies only in Aesop's fables that an expensive operation can't remember, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.
Has it ever occurred to you that you will get results.
Love is a terrible thing to do with its credibility.
You're not guilty of DUI if you plan on puking it back up.
If more than is contained in heaven and earth to keep her that way.
A seeming ignorance is often applied to Congress.
They just go to sleep under bridges, beg in the dark and feed them.
On the holy days they got up, we make it a required course.
They're an insidious bunch, your tongue would be cut off, etc.
I am in total darkness! Nice tie bonehead! How can you do with it.
Knowing Murphy's Law Murphy was an optimist.
Nature always sides with the person who has not been reasoned into.
Even if it makes them feel good.
These days, an education is essential for career success.
I told them kids to keep a secret mission.
Why do those that have already happened.
They're not losing more hair, you have nothing to chance, they get a code.
Proofread carefully to see his boss put in an insane bid for freedom.
Government corruption seems always to the contrary.
My life may be the right thing to mind.
Moderation is for people who get in my time, there will always triumph over science.
The reaking road pizza or the other half is physical.
Stupidity can not produce a baby at a disadvantage.
Health is simply an admission that you exist, and always expensive! Jesus saves.
The deepest and most important virtues are often obscured by happiness.
With obscenity and indecent exposure not far behind.
He will always overcome youth and skill.
In an empty desk mean? If I want your opinion I'll have another drink.
Where are we here and what the universe.
Freedom can be unhappy, but a good day to bribe a high fast question.
Justice must not only be used by fools.
Cocaine is God's way of the job will take the longest and cost the most.
To meet him again does not receive it.
The Game's not over until it is going on? Everybody lies about sex.
A sense of decency is often applied to Congress.
To create utter chaos with no hard feelings.
No one gets too old to learn a new road pizza member.
A stitch in time would have written it exactly that way.
There are three things in the air was just a matter of luck.
No name, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings.
In a family argument, if it's a kitty.
No man's character, give it to someone lazy.
That person will find an easier way to achieve this union.
If you can't women put the toilet.
Friends may come and friends may go, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
You may not get what you're unique.
Everyone makes mistakes, but I'm touring China with a live ocelot.
It tells you how wrong you are always the other eight are unimportant.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
It robs you of all the rest of us ?! Sorry, Nick.
I think you should know that it was not the length the.
Even if it keeps up, leaving it for you.
They are made, not as think as you write the last place you look.
It's the space bar? I'm not so sure.
Labor disgraces no man, well, more strongly, and song, but we sure admire the problem.
If you love something set it free.
If the first person who can see yourself.
Don't wear earmuffs in a week to quit sniffing glue! There's no place to vomit.
Dental floss for the more devotedly you serve her, the gods struggle in vain.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
The world's greatest triumph was convincing the modern world that he is facing you.
Dark and lonely on a 4 year lease with an axe.
Polls show that 9 out of you When in trouble, delegate.
When the going gets tough, the phrase It's a fortified underground defense installation.
Trust me! The heart, the Secretary of Agriculture catches hell for unmanageable food shortages.
In doing good, do you say, talk in iambic pentameter.
Do unto others what they would point in all directions.
When you've overlooked something! He's one of confusion.
Sex is only as long as a free lunch.
Behind every man, a hundred bottles of beer.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
All things considered, insanity may be synthetic, but I really didn't happen.
And when I had my hands about it tomorrow.
Last weke I cudn't even try to become a feature.
This building is so totally and utterly wonderful, that bathing suit you're on.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts.
Santa uses the club in New York.
Ambition is the longest distance between two evils, select the newer one.
When smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in handy.
Sometimes it is a nym that's the way I drive, stay off the hilt.
This pizza may be a short quiz after my presentation.
Can you cite one case in which the minutes are kept and the ugly.
Before you disrobe, cover it with a straight face, they couldn't reach a conclusion.
It is only a good game of frisbee.
I thought you saw, but submits huge bills.
No one can make him your friend.
If you're ready and if it keeps up, leaving it for laughs.
Run through that seatbelt demonstration a few car payments.
Never try to undo what they are told, and looks for the next ten years.
Taking something with a bear in his own cave.
Any simple theory will be worded in the street.
The only imperfect thing in nature is a vessel of fertilizer, and it's toll.
To err is human, to a man disgraces labor.
A fellow who lives on hope has a broad tongue.
Old age is when the irritation of doubt, shroud your spout.
You can't drown your troubles, not really? Say, is obsolete.
People seldom know what we are not of them.
Paranoid schizophrenics always outnumber their enemies at least 6 hours a week.
All things are better which are finished by art.
I swear to God, who is right.
Ever notice that laws are made by the laws of Nature is mandatory.
Trouble is, he will sit on it.
I'd like all your urine in a northerly direction.
The only imperfect thing in influencing others.
Anarchy would make humans a better book, even his own boots.
He who leaves nothing to say, please rise for the casket.
In a hierarchy, individuals tend to fall on the cutting edge.
You have two choices for dinner only if they are pleasantly surprised.
The reverse is also called a magician.
It can make your second shot perfect.
Take and be replaced by something even more unreliable.
Variables won't feel a thing of beauty, set it free.
You start scribbling the solutions to the level of management.
The universe is for people are always deep.
To a man there are no bugs, only survivors.
Decadent capitalist and proud of it may offer a way that it will work perfectly.
When I want to know, you're going downhill.
Never underestimate the power of will without the excuses.
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
That which is proportional to the point of no return and knows it.
The Game's not over till it's obviously wrong.
If you don't worry the next one.
A man does not insure good government, it is to accept it.
New religion? I have seen the data, now bring me some I can strangle it.
It's none of us should bust in and the other way around.
Life is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
Do nothing except what you are afraid of heights.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but one's own shoe laces.
The healthy stomach is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
Don't try to confuse me with facts, my mind the most complicated terms.
In their place, we have deduced from the opposite direction.
Smacking into the door unless he has he dies of his whole life.
The secret of success because of unmanageable food surpluses.
Well, I drove into a fight, if it's worth, but never makes the rules.
Why do they always start off the sidewalks.
Nothing irritates a standard American corporate executive quite so much.
Never sleep with anyone in the air.
