Tacos don't compare you with friends.
      Tacos don't tell their mother that you are an asshole.
      Tacos don't tell your mother that you are an asshole.
      Tacos won't mind if you share them with friends.
      Tacos don't fall in love with you.
      Tacos don't gag.

                  Cowboys handle anything horny.
                  Cowgirls like to ride bareback.
                  Clock makers do it mechanically.


     If you consider yourself to be trained already, you may be

interested in helping us train others.
Don't be silly, protect your willy.

Don't be a loner, cover your boner.
                  Cops have bigger guns


                  Deer hunters will do anything for a buck.


When in doubt, shroud your spout.

You can't go wrong if you shield your dong.



You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless
                tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The
                majority of mathematicians are drunks or dope fiends.
                People laugh at you a great deal because you are always
                getting fucked.



 You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be
                progressive. You lie a great deal. On the other hand,
                you are inclined to be careless and impracticable,
                causing you to make the same mistakes repeatedly.
                Everyone thinks you are stupid.



 Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other 
        eight are unimportant.

Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking.

Don't do it if you can't keep it up.

 There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they 
        fall in love.

Don't be a fool, vulcanize your tool.

The right selection? Sack that erection.

Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.

Before the van starts rocking, cover it with a stocking.

A crank with armor will never harm her.

 Before you disrobe, cover your probe.
      Tacos don't care how much meat you put in them.
      Tacos don't give you herpes.
      Tacos never call you back in a month with bad news.
      Tacos don't care if you respect them in the morning.
      Tacos won't throw up in your front seat.
      Tacos won't scream so loud that it wakes up the neighbors.
      Tacos won't leave scratches on your back.      
      Tacos don't tell you that size doesn't count.
      Tacos can get away on weekends.
      Tacos don't care if you come home smelling like strange tacos.
      Tacos don't fog up your car windows.
      Tacos don't call you at home.
      Tacos won't mind if you talk about other tacos in your sleep.
      Tacos won't leave panties in your car.
      Tacos won't spit it out in the toilet.
      Tacos can handle rejection.
      Tacos won't ask you about former tacos.
      Tacos don't demand alimony when you stop eating them.
      Tacos are immune to yeast infections.
      Tacos don't yell beat me, hurt me, bite me!
      Tacos never eat other tacos.
      Tacos won't make you keep eating until you get it right.
      Tacos don't get headaches.
      Tacos don't make you tell them it was great.

 You can get tacos for 55 cents a piece.       
 You don't have to be a postman to eat tacos any day of the week.
 You can eat a taco in a two seat roadster or even while driving.
 You can eat a taco and know that you're the first.
 If you don't finish a taco, it  doesn't go away mad.
 You can eat a taco with your glasses on.
 You can always make a taco hot.
 A taco never tells you how to eat it.
 You can still eat a taco after you forget its birthday.
 You can breathe when you eat a taco.
 It's easy to get rid of a taco.

 Campers do it in a tent.
                  Carpenters hammer it harder.





     In order that we continue to produce the highest quality work

possible, it will be our policy to keep all employees well trained

through our program of shit.




Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount 
        of trouble.

There is no remedy for sex but more sex.



If you get them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


 When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops 
        listening to him.

Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the 
        same ones she can't stand years later.





We are giving our employees more shit than most employers.

If you feel you have not received your share of shit, please

see your supervisor. You will be placed on the shit list for

special attention. All of our supervisors are particularly qualified

to give you all of the shit you need.

       Coaches whistle while they work.

 When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops 
        listening to him.

Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the 
        same ones she can't stand years later.
                  Clowns do it for laughs.


                  Golphers do it in 18 holes.

  The younger the better.

       The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.

        It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that 
        caused the trouble in the garden.

        Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.

        Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot 
        of frogs.

       There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse 
        than sex. But there is nothing exactly like it.

       Love your neighbor, but don't get caught.

   Love is a hole in the heart.




        
      

    If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone 
        into our space program, we would now be running hot-dog stands on 
        the moon.

      Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.

    Do it only with the best.

      Sex is a three letter word which needs some old fashioned 
        four letter words to convey its full meaning.

       One good turn gets most of the blankets.

       You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine 
        women.

     Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.

      It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at 
        all.

      Thou shalt not commit adultery unless in the mood.

      Never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.

       Abstain from wine, women, and song, but mostly song.

      Never argue with a women when she's tired, or when she is rested.




     A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the 
        women he couldn't.

    What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the 
        stick.

    It is better to be looked over than overlooked.

        46. Never say no.

     A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.

    Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.

   Beauty is skin deep.  Ugly goes right to the bone.

    Never stand between a fire hydrant and a dog.



   Sex appeal is 50 percent what you've got and 50 percent what people think 
        you've got.

    No sex with anyone in the same office.

     Sex is like snow, you never know how many inches you are going to 
        get or how long it is going to last.

     A man in the house is worth two in the street.



 The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is 
        to leave her with no hard feelings.

Nothing improves with age.

                  Chessplayers check their mates.
                  Cheerleaders do it with more enthusiasm.

Sex is dirty only if it's done right.

It is always the wrong time of month.
                  Chemists like to experiment.
                  Divers do it deeper.

A man is only a man, but a good bicycle is a ride.

  Love comes in spurts.

  The world does not revolve on an axis.

You are fucked in business and cannot be trusted. You
                achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total
                lack of ethics. You are a perfect son of a bitch. Most
                mathematicians are murdered.


Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.

When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.

Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you 
        won't either.

Sow your wild oats on Saturday night.  Then on Sunday pray for 
        crop failure.


No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, 
        because it'll never be quite the same again.

  Sex has no calories.
