Smoke jimson weed.  Do whatever comes naturally.

Switch the sheets on your beds while she is at class.

Twitch a lot.

Pretend to talk while pretending to be asleep.

Steal a fish tank.  Fill it with beer and dump sardines in it.  Talk to them.

Become a genius.

Inject her twinkies with a mixture of dexatrim and msg.

Learn to levitate.  While your roommate is looking away, float up out of your seat.  When she turns to look, fall back down and grin.

Speak in tongues.

Move you roommate's personal effects around.  Start subtlety.  Gradually
     work up to big things, and eventually glue everything she owns to the
     ceiling.

Walk and talk backwards.

Spend all your money on jolt cola.  Drink it all.  Stack the cans in the
     middle of your room.  Number them.

Spend all your money on Transformers.  Play with them at night.  If your
     roommate says anything, tell her with a straight face, they're more
     than meets the eye.

Recite entire movie scripts almost inaudibly.

Kill roaches with a monkey wrench while playing Wagnerian arias on a
     kazoo.  If your roommate complains, explain that it is for your performance
     art class, or hit her with the wrench.

Collect all your urine in a small jug.

Chain yourself to your roommate's bed.  Get her to bring you food.

Get a computer.  Leave it on when you are not using it.  Turn it off
     when you are using it.

Ask your roommate if your family can move in "just for a couple of
     weeks."

Buy as many back issues of field and stream as you can.  Pretend to
     masturbate while reading them.

Fake a heart attack.  When your roommate gets the paramedics to come,
      pretend nothing happened.

Eat glass.

Smoke ballpoint pens.

Smile.  All the time.

Collect dog shit in baby food jars.  Sort them according to what you
     think the dog ate.

Burn all your waste paper while eying your roommate suspiciously.

Hide a bunch of potato chips and twinkies in the bottom of a trash can.
     When you get hungry, root around in the trash.  Find the food, and eat it
     If your roommate empties the trash before you get hungry, demand that she
     reimburse you.

Leave a declaration of war on your roommate's desk.  Include a list of
     grievances.

Paste boogers on the windows in occult patterns.

Shoot rubber bands at your roommate while her back is turned, and
     then look away quickly.

Dye all your underwear lime green.

Spill a lot of beer on her bed.  Swim.

Bye three loaves of stale bread.  Grow mold in the closet.

Hide your underwear and socks in your roommate's closet.  Accuse her
     of stealing it.

Remove your door.  Ship it to your roommate's parents.

Pray to Azazoth or Zoroaster.  Sacrifice something nasty.

Whenever your roommate walks in, wait one minute and then stand up.
     Announce that you are going to take a shower.  Do so.  Keep this up for
     three weeks.

Array thirteen toothbrushes of different colors on your dresser.  Refuse
     to discuss them.

Paint your half of the room black.  Or paisley.

Whenever she is about to fall asleep, ask questions that start with,
did you ever wonder why?  Be creative.

Shave one eyebrow.

Put your mattress underneath your bed.  Sleep down under there.

Put horseradish in your shoes.

Shelve all your books with the spines facing the wall.  Complain loudly
     that you can never find the book that you want.

Always flush the toilet three times.

Subsist entirely on pickles for a week.  Vomit often.

Buy a copy of panda bear salsa and play it at
     least 6 hours a day.  If your roommate complains, explain that it's an
     assignment for your primitive cultures class.

Give her an allowance.

Listen to radio static.

Open your window shades before you go to sleep each night.  Close them
     as soon as you wake up.