"Automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
90 percent of everything is crud.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong. A closed mind does nothing right.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked better.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
A conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else to join you in your troubles.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
A fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harbors suspicions to the contrary.
A fool and his money are some party.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A liberalism incapable of fiscal self discipline brings about a
     radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and
     insensitivity.
     
     A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final
     inspection.
     
     A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there
     himself.
     
     A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
     
     A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are
     lost.
     
     A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called a
     magician.
     
     A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the
     greatest damage.

     A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
     
     A neurotic builds castles in the air.
     A psychotic lives in castles in the air.
     And a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
     
     A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a 20 dollar bill.
     
     A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in
     his mouth.
     
     A politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen
     tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why
     it didn't happen.
     
     
     A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly
     knowledge.
     
     A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
     
     A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
     
     A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
     
     A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
     
     A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
     
     A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass,
     through which one pours all his money.
     
     Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
     
     Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
     
     Adam Smith revisited: Work creates Wealth, which is then Redistributed
     in the holy name of Social Justice. That is to say, what is mine is
     yours, and his, and hers, and theirs...
     
     Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the
     safety of reminiscence.
     
     After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
     
     Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
     
     All great discoveries are made by mistake.
     
     All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
     
     All things are possible.
     Except skiing through a revolving door.
     
     All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin
     person.
     
     All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
     
     All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
     
     All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
     
     All's well that ends.

     Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
     
     Although I may disagree with what you say, I will defend to the death
     your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
     
     Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a
     fortune.
     
     Always convince those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting
     in their best interests.
     
     Always forgive your enemies.  Nothing else annoys them as much.
     
     Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
     
     Ambition is the curse of the political class.
     
     Among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a
     special case.
     
     An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a
     complex, incomprehensible truth.
     
     An economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure of
     other industry to provide the savings that will support high tech
     until it begins to pay off.
     
     An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
     
     An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
     
     An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he
     knows absolutely everything about nothing.
     
     An infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
     
     An open mouth often times accompanies a closed mind.
     
     An unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage.
     
     Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
     
     Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
     
     Any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hiding
     place, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square of
     the component's irreplaceability.
     
     Any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least one
     loophole.
     
     Any given computer program, when running, is obsolete.
     
     Any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete,
     two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still
     under development.
     
     Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
     
     Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
     
     Anyone can handle a crisis.
     It's everyday living that kills you.

     Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good
     enough condition not to have to.
     
     Art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline
     pursued with passion.
     
     As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
     
     As the rabbit said, if that isn't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
     
     Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
     
     Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the
     convinced.
     
     At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done
     cannot be undone.
     
     Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
     
     Bankers are the assassins of hope.
     
     Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
     
     Be a corporate good citizen and hire the morally handicapped.
     
     Be kind to your web footed friends.  That duck may be a buyer.
     
     There's no intelligent life down here.
     
     Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
     
     Behind every successful man is an astonished mother in law.
     
     Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
     
     Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
     
     Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
     
     Black holes are out of sight!
     
     Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
     
     Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
     
     Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
     
     Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in
     circles.
     
     Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
     
     Bullshit baffles brains.
     
     By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
     
     By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a
     boss and work 12 hours a day.
     
     Celibacy is not hereditary.
     
     Cheer up.
     The first hundred years are the hardest!

     Children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help you
     reach it.
     
     Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
     
     Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
     
     Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any
     system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable. You can
     rely on it.
     
     Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
     
     Construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want
     to use it.
     
     Crime is merely politics without the excuses.
     
     Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
     
     The trouble with computers is, they have no sense of humor.
     
     Days you attend top level meetings and days you get hiccups tend to
     fall on the same dates.
     
     Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
     
     Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
     
     Did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol free diet, your body
     makes its own cholesterol?
     
     Diogenes is still searching.
     
     Distrust your first impressions. They are invariably too favorable.
     
     Don't be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in two
     small steps.
     
     Don't be so humble.  You aren't that great.
     
     Don't get married if you are afraid of solitude.
     
     Don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won't
     get up.
     
     Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
     
     Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you. They're too
     busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
     
     Doctor Faustus, call your service.
     
     During Britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left the
     country.
     
     Economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetime
     reputation as an expert without ever once being right.
     
     Education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence. Schools
     confer degrees.
     
     Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
     
     Eternity is a terrible thought.  Where will it all end?
     
     Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
     
     Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
     
     Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
     
     Every family tree has some sap.
     
     Every institution tends to perish through an excess of its own
     policy.
     
     Every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights.
     Most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are.
     
     Everybody's death simplifies life for someone.
     
     Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
     
     Everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinite
     patience or infinite wealth.
     
     Everything east of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge into
     the Atlantic Ocean.
     
     Everything not forbidden by the laws of Nature is mandatory. Trouble
     is, nearly everything is forbidden.
     
     Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only
     thing.
     
     Excellence is an option that is renewable.
     
     Expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how.
     
     Expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you the
     most gorgeous weeds you ever saw.
     
     Experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills.
     
     Experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted.
     
     Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
     
     Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
     
     Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
     
     Extreme sorrow laughs. Extreme joy weeps.
     
     Extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow
     hard hearted.
     
     Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
     
     Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
     
     Fear is no great respecter of reason.
     
     Feed the wolf as you will. He will always look to the forest.
     
     Fill what's empty.
     Empty what's full.
     And scratch where it itches.

     Fire and water.
     Matter and anti-matter.
     Money and morality.
     
     First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
     
     Fools belittle that which they do not understand.
     Cynics belittle everything.
     Small men simply belittle.
     
     For a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues.
     
     For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
     
     Freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax, regulation by regulation, as
     it can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile.
     
     Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
     
     Freedom of the press is limited to those who have one.
     
     Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
     
     Frustration is not having anyone else to blame but one's self.
     
     Get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out.
     
     Give all orders verbally. Never write down anything that might go into
     a "Pearl Harbor file".
     
     Give me an example of pro and con.
     Progress and Congress.
     
     Given that Nature limited the intelligence of Man, it seems unfair
     that she did not limit the stupidity of Man.
     
     God can't alter history, so he created historians.
     
     God has Alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist.
     
     God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows
     through.
     
     Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
     
     Half of conversation is listening.
     
     Have a nice day somewhere else.
     
     He is all fault who has no fault at all.
     
     He who dies with the most toys, wins!
     
     He who does many things makes many mistakes, but never makes the
     biggest mistake of all - doing nothing.
     
     He who endures, wins.
     
     He who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the
     seventh.
     
     He who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong, but he
     will do very few things at all.
     
     He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
     
     He who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots.
     
     He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
     
     He who would leap high must take a long run.
     
     He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
     
     Hell is a city much like Newark.
     
     Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
     
     History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
     
     History occurs twice.  The first time as tragedy, the second time as
     farce.
     
     Honesty in politics is much like oxygen.
     The higher up you go, the scarcer it becomes.
     
     Honesty is the best policy - unless, of course, you are dealing with
     your wife, your girlfriend, your banker, your employer, the I.R.S., or
     your creditors.
     
     How can you tell when a salesman is lying?
     When his lips are moving.
     
     How come nowadays the word "honesty" is generally preceded by the
     phrase "old fashioned" ?
     
     How long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom door
     you're on.
     
     I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
     
     If a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what does
     an empty desk mean ?
     
     If a problem causes too many meetings, then the meetings eventually
     become more important than the problem.
     
     If all else fails, read the destructions.
     
     If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they couldn't
     reach a conclusion.
     
     If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
     
     If builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs,
     then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
     
     If doctors' intellects were as big as doctors' egos, this would be a
     far healthier world.
     
     If everything appears to be going well, you obviously don't know what
     the hell is going on.
     
     If it jams, then force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
     
     If it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist.
     
     If it's rational, if it's logical, and if it makes good common sense,
     then it's simply not done.
     
     If man's best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us?

     
     If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by
     the page number.
     
     If more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no one
     will be at fault.
     
     If one views his problem sufficiently closely, he will recognize
     himself as part of the problem.
     
     If someone gives you so called good advice, do the opposite. The opposite will 
     be the right thing to do nine times out of ten.
     
     If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against
     you, pound the table and yell like hell.
     
     If the first person who answers the phone can't handle your question,
     then it's a bureaucracy.
     
     If the gods had really intended men to fly, they'd have made it easier
     to get to the airport.
     
     If the government hasn't yet taxed, licensed, or regulated it, then it
     probably ain't worth anything.
     
     If the nation's economists were all laid end to end, they would point
     in all directions.

     If the plating work that we do for you is defective, we will refund
     your money, redo the parts free, close our plant, and have the plant
     manager shot. Will that be satisfactory ?
     
     If the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth.
     
     If the thought of growing old bothers you, consider the alternative.
     
     If the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper ?
     
     If this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to
     nostalgia ?
     
     If truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be
     right.
     
     If you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it.
     
     If you can keep your head while all about you are losing theirs, then
     you obviously don't understand what's going on.
     
     If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
     
     If you cannot logically refute a man's arguments, not all is lost. You
     can always call him nasty names.
     
     If you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
     
     If you disinfect the pond, you kill the lilies.
     
     If you doubt that Germans believe in God, watch how they drive.
     
     If you gave a monkey control of its environment, it would fill the
     universe with bananas.

     If you live among the wolves, learn to howl like them.
     
     If you think that mental illness interferes with financial success,
     just look at the average television evangelist.
     
     If you think that no one cares that you're alive, try missing a few
     car payments.
     
     If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
     
     If you want to make people angry, lie to them. If you want to make
     them absolutely livid, then tell them the truth.
     
     If young women often do marry men like their fathers, no wonder their
     mothers cry at their weddings.
     
     In America, the Secretary of Agriculture catches hell for unmanageable
     food surpluses. In Russia, his counterpart goes to Siberia because of
     unmanageable food shortages.
     
     In a mad world, only greater madness succeeds.
     
     In a permissive society, the cream rises to the top, and so does the
     scum.
     
     In a world that runs on deceit, deception, and duplicity, the honest
     man is always at a disadvantage.
     
     In any organization, there are only two people to contact if you want
     results.  The one at the very top and the one at the very bottom.
     
     In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
     
     In death, avoid hell.
     In life, avoid the law courts.
     
     In defeat, malice.
     In victory, revenge.
     
     In designing any type of machine component, no overall dimension can
     be totalled accurately after 5 pm Friday. The correct total will
     become self evident at 8 am on Monday.
     
     In doing good, avoid notoriety. In doing evil, avoid self awareness.
     
     In hell, treason is the work of angels.
     
     In jealousy, there is often more self-love than love.
     
     In order to obtain a loan, you must first prove that you don't need
     it.
     
     In some countries, Chaucer and Dante are the classics. In this
     country, it's a soft drink.
     
     In the Beginning, God created the Organization and gave It dominion
     over man.
                -Genesis, Article VII, section 3, paragraph C.
     
     In the final analysis, entropy always wins.
     
     In the long run, we are all dead.

     In third-world politics, the people with the guns call the shots.
     
     Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
     
     Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
     
     Instead of worrying about the boxes in your organizational chart, be
     concerned with the people who are boxed in.
     
     Institutions are more rarely overthrown from without, more often
     corroded from within.
     
     Interesting history is awful living.
     
     Isn't it strange that the same people who laugh at gypsy
     fortune-tellers take economists seriously.
     
     It doesn't much matter whom you marry, for tomorrow morning you
     discover that it was someone else.
     
     It is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you
     are in a hurry.
     
     It is axiomatic that even the strongest of men will fall before a
     pygmy with a submachine gun.
     
     It is better to add life to your years than it is to add years to your
     life.
     
     It is better to be envied than to be consoled.
     
     It is better to resign from office than it is to die in office; that
     way, you get to hear some of the eulogies.
     
     It is difficult to be politically conscious and upwardly mobile at the
     same time.
     
     It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so
     ingenious.
     
     It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
     
     It is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it.
     
     It is only in Aesop's fables that an elephant takes advice from a
     mouse.
     
     It is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to
     be sane alone.
     
     It is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman.
     
     It is when the irritation of doubt causes a struggle to attain belief
     that the enterprise of thought begins.
     
     It is wrong to repeat gossip, but what else can you do with it ?
     
     It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat. and only one to
     wear it.
     
     It takes very little to make a woman happy, and more than is contained
     in heaven and earth to keep her that way.
     
     It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.

     It's not social oppression that moves wild-eyed revolutionaries; it's
     envy, pure and simple.
     
     It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
     
     It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
     
     John Donne was wrong.
     
     Journalism, like prostitution, is a career in which just one foray
     makes a professional.
     
     Just because you are paranoid does not mean that no one is following
     you.
     
     Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
     
     Kill the moneylenders.
     
     Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity.
     
     Labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor.
     
     Large brains can contain small minds.
     
     Last weke I cudn't even spel kumpooter programer and today I are one!
     
     Law remains long after justice flees.
     
     Leakproof seals - will.
     Selfstarters - will not.
     Interchangeable parts - won't.
     
     Leftover nuts never match leftover bolts.
     
     Less of a good thing is sometimes better - ask anyone on a diet.
     
     Life is a learning experience; the diploma is your death certificate.
     
     Life is a temporary assignment.
     
     Life is a terminal condition.
     
     Life's a bitch.
     But, then, consider the alternative.
     
     Little boys throw stones in jest.
     Little frogs die in earnest.
     
     Live every day as though it were your last.
     One day, you'll be right.
     
     Live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it.
     
     Locks and keys are for honest people.
     
     Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with
     confidence.
     
     Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
     
     Luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts.
     
     Making this world better will gain you the greatest credit in the next
     one.
     
     Man does not live by bread alone.
     But he damned well doesn't live without it, either.
     
     Many know how to flatter; few know how to praise.
     
     Marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread.
     
     Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
     
     May you live in interesting times.
     
     Mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar.
     
     Measure twice 'cause you can only cut once.
     
     Measured with a micrometer.
     Marked with chalk.
     Cut with an axe.
     
     Men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have
     been exhausted.
     
     Men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster
     they call destiny.
     
     Middle age is when you wonder if your warranty is running out.
     
     Miles aren't the only distance.
     
     Monotony is the law of Nature. Observe the monotonous manner in which
     the sun rises.
     
     More men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around.
     
     Most men and nations die lying down.
     
     Mother Nature applies all her rules...all the time.
     
     Motor gently through the greasemud, for there lurks the skid demon.
     
     Murphy's Golden Rule:
        Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
     
     Murphy's Law: If it can go wrong, it will...at the worst possible time
     and in the worst possible place.
     Fisher's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
     
     Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
     
     Never argue with a fool...people may not be able to tell you apart.
     
     Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
     
     Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
     
     Never complain;
     never explain.
     
     Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
     
     Never eat prunes when you are famished.
     
     Never embezzle more than your employer can afford.

     Never get into a fight with an ugly person. He has nothing to lose.
     
     Never get mixed up with economists. Their thinking is muddy and they
     have bad breath.
     
     Never have so many people understood so little about so much.
     
     Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
     
     Never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right.
     
     Never make the same mistake twice...there are so many new ones to
     make!
     
     Never marry a woman who prays too much.
     
     Never mistake good manners for good will.
     
     Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
     
     Never question your wife's judgement...look whom she married.
     
     Never step in anything soft.
     
     Never trust anyone who laughs at his own one-liners.
     
     Never try to teach a pig how to sing. It is a waste of time and it
     annoys the pig.
     
     Never underestimate the power of stupidity.
     
     Never, ever trust anyone under 30 or over 25.
     
     Never, ever, insult a telephone answering machine. They have ways of
     getting even.
     
     New systems generate new problems.
     
     Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as
     satisfying as an income tax refund.
     
     No class of Americans has ever objected to any amount of government
     meddling if it appeared to benefit that particular class.
     
     No man's knowledge goes beyond his experience.
     
     No man's life, liberty, or property are safe whilst the legislature is
     in session.
     
     No matter how bad your kid is, he's still good for a tax exemption.
     
     No matter how long or how diligently you shop for a machine, once
     you've purchased it, it will be on sale for 30% less.
     
     No name, no matter how simple, can be correctly understood over the
     phone.
     
     No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
     
     No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
     
     No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
     
     Not all the kookies are in the jar.

     Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
     
     Nothing in our history is plainer, or more tragic, than the gulf
     between cleverness and wisdom.
     
     Nothing in the universe arouses more false hopes than the first four
     hours of a diet.
     
     Nothing irritates a standard American corporate executive quite so
     much as the sight of someone actually daring to practice capitalism.
     
     Nothing is illegal if 100 businessmen decide to do it.
     
     Nothing is really labor unless you would rather be doing something
     else.
     
     Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest
     day's work.
     
     
     Odds are, the phrase "It's none of my business" will be followed by
     "but".
     
     Of those teaching in today's schools, 80 percent are paid twice what
     they are worth and 20 percent are paid half what they are worth.
     
     Old age is like a burglar.
     It robs you of all the goodies and leaves the rubbish.
     
     Old men and comets have long been revered for the same reasons; their
     long beards and their supposed ability to foretell events.
     
     Old men make wars.
     Young men fight them.
     
     On the one day you take your secretary to lunch, your wife will be
     lunching in the same restaurant.
     
     Once upon a time, there were two Chinese men.
     Now look how many there are.
     
     Once you understand the problem, you find that it is worse than you
     expected.
     
     One goddamned thing leads to another goddamned thing.
     
     One good thing about living on a farm is that you can fight with your
     wife and ain't nobody gonna hear.
     
     One lawyer equals a crook.
     Two lawyers equals a law firm.
     Three or more lawyers equals a legislature.
     
     One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial
     ideas and subterranean behavior.
     
     One sees more clearly backward than forward.
     
     One thing you can say for kids: they don't go around showing pictures
     of their grandparents.
     
     Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
     
     Our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a precision air
     strike.
     
     Peace is a premise the existence of which we have deduced from the
     intervals between wars.
     
     People are always available for work in the past tense.
     
     People use the most words when they are the least certain of what they
     are saying.
     
     People who cough a lot never go to the doctor...just to movies,
     concerts, and lectures.
     
     People who have no faults are terrible: there is no way to take
     advantage of them.
     
     People who live in a golden age complain that everything looks
     yellow.
     
     People, like turtles, make little progress without sticking their
     necks out.
     
     Pessimists are the world's happiest people.
     Ninety percent of the time they are right, and the other ten percent
     they are pleasantly surprised.
     
     Pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a human being. He was much
     better off with a wooden head.
     
     Policemen with private motives are dangerous.
     
     Political cunning should never be mistaken for intelligence.
     
     Politicians are much like ships: noisiest when lost in a fog.
     
     Politicians deal with the public on the basis of the mushroom policy:
     Keep them in the dark and feed them manure.
     
     Practical politics consists of ignoring the facts. Come to think of
     it, practical anything consists of that.
     
     Proctologist's revenge: put Ben-Gay in a guy's tube of Nupercainal.
     
     Proof-positive that Eastern and Western technologies can indeed work
     together: the Teflon-coated wok.
     
     Psychopaths aren't born. They are made.
     
     Rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion.
     
     Reality precedes perception.
     Except, of course, in southern California.
     
     Remember the good old days When juvenile delinquency was observed
     mainly in juveniles
     
     Remember when "There's something in the air" was just a figure of
     speech
     
     Respect for ourselves guides our morals; deference to others governs
     our manners.
     
     Revenge is a dish best served cold.

     Roughing it is television without cable.
     
     Rumors are the sauce of a dry life.
     
     Saints engage in introspection while burly sinners run the world.
     
     Scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan.
     
     Science has finally found what distinguishes man from the other
     beasts: financial worries.
     
     Serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the
     farmer's daughter.
     
     Show me anything where of it may be said "See, this is new," and I will
     show you it has been.
     
     Shrink not from blasphemy. It will pass for wit.
     
     Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
     
     Since few large pleasures are lent to us on a long lease, it is wise
     to cultivate a large undergrowth of small pleasures.
     
     Small things entertain small minds.
     
     Smooth seas never made a good sailor.
     
     Some people are always lost in thought; other people lack thoughts
     large enough to be lost in.
     
     Some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable.
     
     Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
     
     Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote
     the book or even what book.
     
     Sometimes it is good to be only a fly when giants are fighting for the
     heavens.
     
     Sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar.
     
     Songs unheard are sweeter far.
     
     Stress is that condition created when the mind overrides the body's
     basic desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who
     desperately needs it.
     
     Strong words connote weak arguments.
     
     Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
     
     Success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does.
     
     Support your local bloodhound.
     Get lost.
     
     Sympathy is what you give a relative when you don't want to lend him
     cash.
     
     Take care which rut you choose. You will be in it for the next ten
     years.

     Taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure.
     
     Tatoos are the common man's way of investing in art.
     
     Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not
     understand.
     
     Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
     
     Tell a man that there are 500 million trillion stars in the universe
     and he will believe you. Tell him that there's wet paint on that
     bench and he will sit on it.
     
     Tempt not a desperate man.
     
     That which is crooked cannot be made straight, although there are
     psychotherapists who might disagree.
     
     The Boy Scout credo is sound mind, sound body, take your choice.
     
     The British parliament is called the "Mother of Legislatures". A
     somewhat similar term is often applied to Congress.
     
     The Devil's greatest triumph was convincing the modern world that he
     doesn't exist.
     
     The Russians will never invade us.  There's no place to park.
     
     The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical
     cord.
     
     The average U.S. taxpayer is proud to be paying taxes. Of course, he
     could be just as proud for half the money.
     
     The best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket.
     
     The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
     
     The best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it.
     
     The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
     
     The best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of
     them is a match.
     
     The best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed.
     
     The bigger they are, the harder they punch.
     
     The biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer.
     
     The danger in being king is that after a while you begin to believe
     you really are one.
     
     The deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones.
     
     The degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the
     level of management.
     
     The fifteen minute morning coffee break is when your employees take a
     break from doing nothing.
     
     The first great gift that we can bestow upon others is a good
     example.
     
     The first place in which to look for something is the last place in
     which you expect to find it.
     
     The fraudulence of the exercise is proportional to the margin of
     victory.
     
     The galaxy is full of dishonorable men.  Well, everyone's got to make
     a living.
     
     The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
     
     The great classes of people will more easily fall victims to a great
     lie than to a small one.
     
     The great tragedy of our era is not the significance of things but the
     insignificance of things.
     
     The healthy stomach is nothing if not conservative; few radicals have
     good digestions.
     
     The human brain is a wonderous instrument. It starts working the
     moment you wake up and doesn't stop until you get to the office.
     
     The last man on Earth sat alone in a room.
     There was a knock on the door.
     
     The last time doctors went on strike, the death rate dropped thirty
     percent.
     
     The later you are for your flight, the more times you have to go
     through the metal detector.
     
     The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the
     poor to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets, and steal bread.
     
     The lawyer's credo is if you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle
     them with bullshit.
     
     The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming
     train.
     
     The longer you wait in line, the greater the probability that it is
     the wrong line.
     
     The man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one.
     
     The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the probability
     that the competition already has the order.
     
     The most beautiful days of the year are always the days just before
     and just after your vacation.
     
     The most successful journey is a dull journey.
     
     The mouse dreams dreams that would terrify the cat.
     
     The nice thing about scientific studies is that you can always find
     one that proves conclusively that your product is safe and that your
     competitor's causes cancer.
     
     The number of employees in any work group tends to increase
     irrespective of the amount of work to be done.
     
     The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the
     stupidity of what you're doing.

     The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is the one time
     the boss comes strolling through the plant.
     
     The only government handout that I want is the government's hand out
     of my pocket.
     
     The only imperfect thing in nature is the human race.
     
     The only people that snobs want to know are those who don't want to
     know them.
     
     The only people to profit from the mistakes of others are
     biographers.
     
     The only perfect science is hindsight.
     
     The only thing worse than a male chauvinist pig is the female
     version.
     
     The only things in history that are inevitable are those that have
     already happened.
     
     The only valid generalization that can be made about scientists is
     that they require unlimited resources for improbable projects of
     interminable gestation periods.
     
     The opera isn't over until the fat lady sings.
     
     The opulence of the front office decor varies inversely with the
     fundamental solvency of the firm.
     
     The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic
     tank.  The really big chunks always rise to the top.
     
     The person who buys the most raffle tickets has the least chance of
     winning.
     
     The person who marries for money generally ends up earning it.
     
     The person who snores the loudest will fall asleep first.
     
     The price of total freedom is total anarchy. The price of total
     security is total enslavement.
     
     The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
     difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
     
     The probability of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side
     down is proportional to the cost of the carpet.
     
     The probability of your alarm not going off increases in direct
     proportion to the importance of your 8:00am meeting.
     
     The promises of maniacs, like those of salesmen, are not safely relied
     upon.
     
     The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but
     that's the way to bet 'em.
     
     The rat race is over. The rats won.
     
     The real crime in education today is not the way we treat teachers but
     whom we allow to be teachers.
     
     The real outrage today isn't what's illegal.
     It's what is legal.
     
     The reason the way of the sinner is hard is because it is so crowded.
     
     The reason why worry kills more people than work does is that more
     people worry than work.
     
     The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
     
     The saddest of words are I always wanted to but never did.
     
     The secret of staying young is finding an age that you really like and
     then sticking with it.
     
     The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got
     it made.
     
     The ship of state is the only ship that leaks at the top.
     
     The smaller the issue, the bigger the fight.
     
     The sole reliable test of a first rate intelligence is to hold two
     opposite ideas in the mind whilst still retaining the ability to tie
     one's own shoe laces.
     
     The sooner man begins to spend his wealth, the better he uses it.
     
     The strongest part of any paper form is the perforation.
     
     The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
     
     The sun rises and the sun goes down, and the same things come alike
     to the righteous and the wicked.
     
     The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
     
     The tale of the errant entrepreneur:
     High chair; high school; high hopes; high finance; "Hi, Warden!".
     
     The universe is governed by a committee; no one man could make that
     many mistakes.
     
     The very same American textile industry that lobbies hysterically
     against the import of textile products imports virtually all its
     textile manufacturing machinery.  I wonder why.
     
     The whole of life is futile unless you regard it is a sporting
     proposition.
     
     The world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that
     feel.
     
     The world is disgracefully managed; one hardly knows to whom to
     complain.
     
     Them that has, gets.
     
     There are no moral messages in Nature.
     
     There are only four basic plots in life, and nine in literature.
     
     There are those who make things happen.
     There are those who watch things happen.
     And there are those who wonder what happened.
     
     There are three rules for successfully managing people:
     Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
     
     There are three types of deliberate falsehoods: lies, damned lies, and
     salesmen's promises.
     
     There are two kinds of men who never amount to much: those who cannot
     do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else.
     
     There are two periods in which Congress does no business: one is
     before the holidays and the other is after.
     
     There is a time for everything.
     Mostly, the wrong time.
     
     There is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on.
     
     There is an optimal size for any project, and it is always bigger than
     you can afford.
     
     There is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal.
     
     There is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits.
     
     There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
     
     There is nothing wrong with you that an expensive surgical operation
     cannot prolong.
     
     There is wisdom in madness and strong probability of truth in all
     accusations, for people are complete, and everybody is capable of
     anything.
     
     There's nothing wrong with gluttony providing you don't overdo it.
     
     These days, an education is essential for career success. Unless, of
     course, you run for Congress.
     
     They don't invite you to the White House for a drink because they
     think you are thirsty.
     
     Things get worse under pressure.
     
     Those things are better which are perfected by Nature than those which
     are finished by art.
     
     Those who beat their swords into plowshares generally end up plowing
     for those who didn't.
     
     Those who can, they do.
     Those who can't, they teach.
     Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.
     
     Those who can't teach, they administer.
     Those who can't administer, they run for public office.
     
     Those who do not follow are dragged.
     
     Those who do not learn from history often end up making it.
     
     Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either
     being made.
     
     Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.
     
     To a little fish, the waters are always deep.
     
     To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
     
     To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.
     
     To err is human. To really foul things up requires a computer. To
     create utter chaos with no perceivable possibility of salvation calls
     for an MBA.
     
     To have honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey the sauce to
     sugar.
     
     To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.
     
     To spot the true expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take
     the longest and cost the most.
     
     To understand the clay is not to understand the pot.
     
     Today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last
     night.
     
     Too much of anything is wonderful.
     
     Truth is a hard master to serve, for the more devotedly you serve her,
     the more she hurts you.
     
     Truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it very
     sparingly.
     
     Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
     
     Under some conditions, in some place, at some time, there will always
     be at least one law, ordinance, or statute under which you can be
     booked.
     
     Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of temperature,
     pressure, humidity, time, and voltage, the machine will do as it
     damned well pleases.
     
     Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear
     dishonesty.
     
     You may as well take a person's money as his time.
     
     Universities are full of knowledge. The freshmen bring a little in and
     the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
     
     Virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice
     does.
     
     Virtue is a social liability.
     
     We aren't cheap, but by god, we're good!
     
     We are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life. So, bail faster,
     damn it!
     
     We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have
     never deceived us.
     
     We do not know who first discovered water. However, we are confident
     that it was not a fish.
     
     We don't know one millionth of one per cent about anything.
     
     We know what we are, but not what we may be.
     
     Welcome to the totally automated, fully computerized world of the
     twenty first century, where everything can go wrong.
     
     What do the lie detector and Wonder Woman have in common They were
     invented by the same person.
     Kinda figures, doesn't it.
     
     What do you call 500 bureaucrats at the bottom of the Potomac river ?
     A start.
     
     What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.
     
     What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
     
     Whatever is not nailed down is the government's. Whatever the
     government can pry loose is not nailed down.
     
     When I works, I works fast.
     When I plays, I plays hard.
     And when I thinks, I falls asleep.
     
     When a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work
     perfectly.
     
     When a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies
     of his whole life.
     
     When anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
     
     When comes the revolution, things will be different - not better, just
     different.
     
     When in doubt, mumble.
     When in trouble, delegate.
     
     When in trouble or in doubt,
     Run in circles, yell and shout.
     
     When men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies
     to innovation.
     
     When smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in
     handy.
     
     When the hounds bay, the fox and the rabbit are brothers.
     
     When the mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole very near by.
     
     When the old dog barks, better look out the window.
     
     When there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning.
     
     When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
     
     When you've read about one train wreck, you've read about them all.
     
     Whenever a man casts a longing eye at public office, a rottenness
     appears in his conduct.
     
     Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damned fool
     discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it
     totally beyond recognition.
     
     Where you stand on an issue depends upon where you sit.
     
     Who mourns the falling of a single leaf ?
     
     Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.
     
     Why do they always start off the evening news with "Good evening" when
     all they do is tell you why it isn't ?
     
     Why is there always so much month left at the end of the money ?
     
     Why long for glory, which one despises as soon as one has it ?
     
     Women like silent men. They think they're listening.
     
     Women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz.
     
     Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
     
     Workers these days don't mind putting in an honest day's work. Trouble
     is, it takes 'em a week to do it.
     
     Would that reason were as contagious as emotion.
     
     Would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder?
     
     Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall
     fear no evil, because I'm the meanest son of a bitch in the valley.
     
     Years ago, the symbol of America was the bald eagle. Today, it is the
     beer bottle on the side of the road.
     
     You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind
     word.
     
     You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
     
     You can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one,
     you're done with the other.
     
     You can't drown your troubles, not the real ones, because if they are
     real, they can swim.
     
     You can't have a clear head when there is a sword hanging over it.
     
     You can't win.
     
     You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be
     too late.
     
     You cannot reason a man out of that which he has not been reasoned
     into.
     
     You cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth.
     
     You know that it's gonna be a bad day when you call Suicide Prevention
     and they put you on hold.

     You know you are in trouble when you come to work in the morning and
     the boss tells you not to take off your coat.
     
     You know you are in trouble when your only son tells you he wishes
     Anita Bryant would mind her own business.
     
     You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you
     get.
     
     You never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the
     beach.
     
     You only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone.
     
     You rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed.
     
     You've one mouth and two ears.  Use them in that proportion.
     
     Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins.



It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.

It is bad luck to be superstitious.

If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.

Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.

A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.

A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free.

If Yoda a great Jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he?

People will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit.

He's dead, You take his sandwich and I'll search his pockets.

I don't like the Smacks cereal commercials; I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my breakfast.

All things are possible except for skiing through a revolving door.

Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.

Losing your driver's license is just God's way of saying BOOGA, BOOGA!

If you love a thing of beauty, set it free. If it doesn't come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.

I may be schizophrenic, but at least I'll always have each other.

Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.

I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.

Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or is he just being paid to say that?

Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  Yes is the answer.

It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.

Parker's Law:
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.

Those who can't write, write manuals.

The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.

You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.

All generalities are false.

I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.

Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.

I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.

Boob's Law:
You always find something in the last place you look.

Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.

Things are more like they used to be than they are now.

There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.

It has been said that we only use 15 percent of our brain.  I wonder what we do with the other 75 percent?

If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.

If you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy.  That person will find an easier way to do it.

You know it's going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of Hell's Angels on the freeway.

The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.




"Wheat.  So what?"
"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."
"Get a life!"

Because the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some other
plate lipped white girl named Irene.

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little, except, you know, not green, and without all the patches of fungus."

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Oh Mr Bellpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"It's Czechoslovakia!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in total darkness!

"Nice tie bonehead!

How can I ever repair you?
Well, you don't need to, Jack, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for the bicycle repair man.

Sudden, violent, comedy!

Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them.

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

And the man was assaulted by a peanut.

Ant boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant style 
by pinching off his head!

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair messed up.

"Thank God.  The police."

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a lot of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Craziest thing I ever saw."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the old gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"Eat hot death, Steve."

"I'm a lagomorph, Sam!  Look it up!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking. Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols. Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, somebody's out to get me!"

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you!
"Yes, make yourself scarce.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"
"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Inconceivable!"
"You use that word a lot.  I don't think it means what you think it does."

"Help me!  Somebody, please, help me!  I've been hypnotized!"

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible. There's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."
"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm crazy for it."

"Mr Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"If you could have any amount of money, how much would you want?"
"All of it."

"Have you got a rifle?

"Don't be stupid.  Be smart.
 Come and join the pizza party."

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great comcast satanistic
corporate fuck heads!"

"I want a full scale red alert throughout the world.  Surround everyone
with everything we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on eternal standby!"


A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.


"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"It's real handy having an Elder God in the band, no?

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla. Here's a kitty.

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"The vector has never been of the slightest use to any creature."

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"Take my word, please."

Billsby slashes four, dies in cocaine brawl.
"That's the front page, Mrs Billsby."

"It's a dessert topping and a floor wax!"

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

Just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason.

"I like overkill."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of third world babies to make microchips?"

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr Sulu"

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point of sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"Why do you wear that toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh good lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"Dick!  You're fired!

"Storage Compartments?  Storage Compartments?"

"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet.  God, that bloody sheep kicked him."

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
kill my landlord.

Watchdog barking.
Does he bite?
Kill my landlord,
kill my landlord.

Senators, TV crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK blooper reel
on behalf of the defense.

Your digestive system is your body's fun house, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mr Sphincter.

Long live the glorious cockroach rebellion against the
great suburban bourgeois oppressor swine pig!
"I hate revolutionary jargon."

"You try any perversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

He has been known by many names.  The Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
Hello?
Echo!
Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"Elvis has left the building!"

"Hurl that spheroid down the field."

"I think all right thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting Dave! Dave!"

To me it is like a mountain. A vast bowl of pus!

"So what do you want?  Wicker?"

As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of free whiskey for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.


"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps
more deeply, more strongly, and more abjectly than any other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?
What do you mean, No, not really?"


Say, isn't that a twenty story high Gumby shaped robot
approaching at about 50 miles an hour?
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
No!  I mean Yes!  What?
"I'll put maybe."

"Sometimes you just gotta say what the heck."

"How soon do you wish to marry my daughter?"
"Oh, right away, squire, right away!  I haven't had any for weeks!"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self confidence?"

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home?  We're on an express elevator to hell!

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

This man is no ordinary man.  This is Superman.

"Mistakes were made."

"You'd better ask yourself Do I feel lucky?
Well, do you, punk?"

"Are you police officers?"
"No, miss.  We're musicians."

"And was head of Gestapo for 10 years.  No!  5 years!
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"He's not Santa Claus.  He doesn't look like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that fat, jolly nonsense because it makes them feel good.
So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

"Hey dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"I guess test flying Tigersharks at Disney Land all
day has rattled my good manners."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"How does this sound?  Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!"

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while I
head them off around front."

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"The use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in 62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"Leaving a trail of slime wherever.

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Why are you running?  Cerebus just wants to kill you a little."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely spaced
eyeballs?"

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man, a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."




"640K ought to be enough for anybody."
"A newspaper is a collection of half-injustices"
"All my hidden skills are undiscovered."
"Are your cookies made with real girl scouts?"
"But honey, we need a 2 gig drive for word processing!"
Hmm, I knew it was on something.
"Good morning" is an opinion, not a greeting.
"Graphic artist seeks boss with vision impairment."
A Cow With No Legs!
Where witches put used curses?
I'd like all your 20 dollar bills in this bag.
"Leave my blouse alone! I said spellcheck, not spillcheck"
Meow, splat, ruff, splat.
"Please return stewardess to original upright position"
"Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar" - Freud
Oh honey, a pickle with a 20 inch monitor is perfect for mail.
"Who cares where Carmen Sandiego is?
Abort, retry, fail, grab hammer.
"Stop right there!
I bet she can say it in 10 different languages!
I love children!  They taste just like chicken.
I multi task, I read in the bathroom.
So simple a child could do it?  Go find me a child!
1 plus 2 equals 3. Therefore, 4 plus 5 equals 6.
10 days and 18 messages later, oh I understand now.
20 Dumb Blonds in freezer.  Frosted flakes.
50 states, and I had to pick one of confusion.
Sex, drugs, and Rock and Roll!
74 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
89 percent of all statistics are wrong.
A 45 beats a royal flush every time.
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead!
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
A dry sense of humor is better than slobbering everywhere
A field upgrade, HAL. We're going to make you IBM compatible.
A fool with a tool is a well equipped fool
A girl a day keeps the wife away.
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
A hundred years from now, none of us will give a damn.
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far.
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge.
A lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
A little greed can get you lots of stuff.
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant.
A man's incomplete until married. Then he's finished!
A narrow mind is usually accompanied by a wide mouth.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40psi.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces every time.
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
A too short mini skirt leaves a definitive end in view.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
A wife lasts as long as a marriage, an exwife for ever.
A woman cries before the wedding, a man after.
Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are.
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
4 am already!
ALL bikini clad women, proceed to move to California.
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
Always consider the alternative before making a choice.
Always remember you're unique.  Just like everyone else.
Always smile.  It makes people wonder what you're up to.
Am I ignorant or apathetic?  I don't know and don't care!
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin.
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic.
Anyone who remembers the 60's wasn't there.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
Are you on an ego trip?   You forgot your luggage.
As your Doctor I advise you to drink heavily.
ASCII silly questions and you'll get some silly ANSI.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way!
Avoid the 5 pm rush.  Always leave work at noon.
Backup not found, abort, retry, or panic?
To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
A bathroom scale is something you stand on and swear at.
Be kind to animals.  Take your Boss to lunch.
Behind every man, there's a woman with nothing to wear.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Bush says "No new taxes!", Clinton says, "No, new taxes!"
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Call me if you need my phone number!
Captain we're at 1700 CPS. The UARTs canna take much more.
Careful.  I know karate and a few other foreign words.
Cats are smarter than dogs. Eight cats won't pull a sled.
Chemists don't die, they just stop reacting!
Circular definition.  See definition, circular.
A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Blows up a little later than Incompatible
A credit card owner is a member of the debt set.
Criminal lawyer.  Isn't that redundant?
Cross river and then insult the alligator.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got him with the mower!
Death is life's way of telling you that you've been fired.
Wife listening while you talk in your sleep.
The dentist's famous last words are you won't feel a thing.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Saying nice doggie until you can find a rock
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do not look into laser with remaining eye.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do radioactive cats have eighteen half lives?
Do witches use spell checkers?
Do you really believe her when she says size don't matter?
Do you always hit the nail right on the thumb?
Does pirate software come with a treasure map?
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
Don't be sexist.  Broads hate that.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind is made up!
Don't even try to think without proper tools.
Don't lend people money.  It causes amnesia.
Don't look now, but your file is unzipped.
Don't marry for money, you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't open the darkroom door, it lets all the dark out.
Don't overtax yourself, that's the government's job.
Don't take life seriously, it isn't permanent.
Don't worry the next message will be better!
Earth is 98 percent full.  Please delete anyone you can.
Where will your mail be spotted next?
Cheerio, see you soon.
Every exit is an entrance into something else.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every step you take becomes a twist of fate.
Every valuable idea offends someone.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year.
Everyone is gifted. Some just open their packages sooner.
Everyone makes mistakes, if not we'd all be single!
Excuse me if I sound bitter.  I taste that way too.
Excuse me, while I change into something more formidable.
Explosion at sperm bank.  Nurses overcome.
Features should be discovered, not documented!
First, they tax incomes. Now they're taxing my patience.
Floppy disk equals lower back trouble.
Fools and their money become popular quickly.
General failure in the white house.  Please remove your fist.
Get gun.  Shoot computer.  Turn off lights.
Give a man an inch, and he thinks he's a ruler.
Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
Go ahead, correct my typos.  I'll make more.
Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go everywhere.
Got my uzi, got some scotch.  Let's go to Disneyland!
Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer again.
Gravity doesn't exist. The Earth sucks.
Great beer bellies are made, not born.
Gun control is the ability to hit what you aim at!
Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to Dr Jack Kevorkian.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned!
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Help!  I've been possessed by a unix daemon!
Here, you go first, you're immune to bullets.
Hey Santa, can I have a copy of your naughty girls list?
Hey!  Don't shoot that postal worker!
Hey, wake up! It's time for your sleeping pills.
Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors.
Honesty pays, but not enough for some.
Hong Kong, Son of King Kong.
Honk if you love obscene gestures.
Horn busted! Watch for finger.
Does the hot water needs heating?
How can you be so deaf with those huge ears?
How did I get round from eating square meals?
How do women get minks? Same way minks get minks
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
I am correct, the rest of you are wrong!
I am in total control, but don't tell my wife.
I am not 40, I'm 18 with 22 years experience
I am not arguing with you, I'm telling you.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am the Shopping Cart that nicks at your paint-job.
I came, I saw, I confused.
I can keep a secret.  It's the people I tell that can't
I can spell, I just can't type worth a hoot!
I can't be overdrawn, I still have checks left!
I don't have a solution but I really admire the problem.
I don't have all the answers, just those that count.
I don't own any slaves. My wife has one, though.
I gave up on my wife, and married my computer.
I got everything but the part after now listen closely.
I have a dirty mind, I mud wrestle with my conscience.
I have a firm grip on reality.  Now I can strangle it.
I have been poor and I have been rich.  Rich is better.
I have but three enemies, fear, anger, and ignorance.
I have my wife on a 4 year lease with an option to buy.
I have seen the data, now bring me some I can agree with.
I haven't lost my mind, it's backed up on disk
I idiotproof my programs, and along comes a bigger idiot.
I just took an IQ test.  The results were negative.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure.
I love animals!  But they all seem to taste like chicken.
I may be wrong, but I'm never in doubt!
I may have my faults, but being wrong is not one of them!
I may have settled in shipping.
I may look busy, but I'm just confused!
I need a drink.  Where's the space bar?
I never get lost, just momentarily disoriented.
I still miss my exwife, but my aim is improving!
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
I think, therefore I am, I think.
I thought I was a wit, and I was half right.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but they can swim.
I told you, "Never touch the floppy disk surface!"
I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
I was on a roll, till I slipped on the butter.
I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I'd love to, but I'm observing national apathy week.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but I'm touring China with a wok band.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'd love to, but the president said he might drop in.
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
I'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having.
I'm as confused as a baby at a topless bar!
I'm buy sexual, I have to pay for it.
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape, isn't it?
I'm not a complete idiot.  Several parts are missing.
I'm not afraid of flying, I'm afraid of crashing.
I'm not afraid of heights. I'm afraid of widths.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing with you!
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
I'm not rude, I'm attitudinally challenged.
I'm not spoiled, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!
I'm not worthless.  I can always serve as a bad example.
I'm sorry Mrs Bobbitt, you can't send that in the mail.
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
I've met zucchini with more potential.
I've seen condom vending machines, but this one installs.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If all goes well, you've overlooked something!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
If I save time, when do I get it back ?
If I throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter?
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you!
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks?
If it jams, force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing.
If it screams, it's not food, yet.
If it works, rip it apart and find out why!
If it works, you must have done something wrong.
If it's obvious, it's obviously wrong.
If it's useless, it will have to be documented.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If only women came with pull down menus and online help!
If mistakes were dollars, I'd be a millionaire!
If she can't take the heat, get her out of the oven!
If the thread ended in her jeans, should we follow it?
If there is no God, who pops up the next kleenex?
If things improve with age, I'm nearly magnificent!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If Version 1 works, someone goofed.
If you can't laugh at yourself, then I'll do it for you.
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't make it good, make it expensive.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once!
If you really want to know, you won't ask me.
If you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
If you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards.
if you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself.
If you want the last word with a woman, apologize.
In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a pole.
In an empty head, you can hear forever.
In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
Insanity is just a state of mind.
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Invest in negotiable blondes.
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights.
It was so cold, I almost got married.
It wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house!
It's 10 pm.  Do you know where your daughter is?
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature!
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
It's not the money I want, it's the stuff.
It's not worth it.  I'm going back to bed.
It's tagline poker.  Can you beat eight aces?
Its rarely fun, never easy, and always expensive!
Jesus saves.  Passes to Moses.  He shoots!  He Scores!
Junk is stuff we throw away.  Stuff is junk we keep.
Just got a new car for my wife.  It was a great trade.
Just when you got it all figured out,  an upgrade!
Just when you thought it was safe to go outside.
Using a feather is kinky. Using the whole chicken is sick.
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes.
The last words of Socrates were, I drank what?
Lead me not into temptation, I can find my own way.
Life is a game.  Money is how we keep score.
Life is not fair.  It is, however, quite a circus.
Life is short, eat dessert first.
Live long and prosper.  But don't let the IRS know.
Lots of people make sense, I want to make money!
Love is grand. Divorce is twenty grand.
Love of money is the root of all politics.
Lunatic asylum is where optimism most flourishes.
Luxuriantly hand crafted from only the finest ASCII.
Madness takes it's toll. Please have exact change.
Mail your ideas written on the back of a 20 dollar bill to no one cares.
May your screen live long and phosphor.
Maybe they'll send you a free upgrade. Not!
Me, indecisive?  I don't think I am, do you?
Memories of you remind me of you.
Make a hole in the turtle's shell first before microwaving.
Minds, like parachutes, work best when open.
The kind of fortune that never is fortunate.
Something between a Mr and a mattress is a mistress.
Money is like a promise, easier made then kept.
Money talks, and mine says goodbye.
Multitasking equals screwing up several things at once.
My body is here, but my mind is on vacation.
My boss is temperamental.  50 percent temper and 50 percent mental.
My wife loves me!  It's the computer she hates!
Network management is like trying to herd cats.
Never fight with a bear in his own cave.
Never hit a man with glasses.  Use your fist!
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a water gun.
Never trust a person who says, trust me.
New religion? I haven't used up the old one, yet!
Next time you wave, use all of your fingers!
No credit, bad credit? No problem. No money?  Problem.
No, no, nurse! I said slip off his spectacles!
Objects under teeshirt are larger than they appear.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of them.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most!
Of course I have backup tapes!  Do you want last years?
My philosophy is unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Please affix a 29 cent stamp on your next message.
Please save the above drivel for future reference!
Please type your Bank pin number in your reply again.
Politicians are like diapers, they need to be changed often.
Politicians cut red tape lengthwise.
Polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree.
Pornography? I don't even have a pornograph!
Pretend to spank me.  I'm a pseudo masochist!
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Programmers don't get sniffles, they get a code.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out!
Public restroom.  The only place a flush beats a full house.
Purranoia is the fear one's cats are up to something.
Put on your seatbelt. I'm gonna try something new.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Resist everything but temptation.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts. Blew a fuse.
Santa uses the club in New York.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Scaldophobia is fear the toilet will flush while showering.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seeing is believing, and touching is convincing.
Send 20 dollars and I will double your IQ or no money back
Send me a dollar and I'll send 3 cents to your charity.
Sharks don't eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
She said she had nothing to wear.  I smiled.
Shock me, say something intelligent!
Should we tell the children when we move?
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Solve the problems of the world by voting anarchist.
Some days you're the windshield, and some days the bug.
Still sliding down the razor blade of life.
The first stipulation is that there will be no stipulations.
Stop talking!  I'm out of aspirin!
Success is just a matter of luck.  Ask any failure.
Sure I can help you out!  Which way did you come in?
System halted.  There is nothing you can do.
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Take no prisoners, we can't feed them.
The above opinion is worth 2 cents.
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit you.
The check's in the mail... Trust me!
The earth is 98 percent full. Please delete anyone you can.
The girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print.
The man who dies with the most toys is dead.
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
The tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin.
The wise open their minds, but a fool opens his mouth.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
There are no bugs, only unrecognized features.
There is no such thing as bravery, only degrees of fear.
Things working well, no problems.  Time to upgrade.
This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
This is your brain.  Postscript on brain your is this.
Those with the weapons make the rules.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
To err is human, to moo is bovine.
To every exception there is a rule.
To get a loan you must prove you don't need it.
To get the point, rub a porcupine backwards.
To hell with criticism.  Praise is good enough for me.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet!
To test a man's character, give him power.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking official.
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Took an hour to bury the cat.  Silly thing kept moving.
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Unfortunately, wife version 1 is not upgradable.
Unsolicited advice answers unasked questions.
Unzip, expand, and explode! What pervert came up with this?
I came, I saw, I dubbed.
Want to confuse people?  Quote from the wrong message!
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
We have no solution, but we sure admire the problem.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We're all sitting in the same boat. I fish, you row.
We're lost but we're making good time.
Well, to be frank, I'd have to change my name.
What are the instructions doing in the trash?
What are you looking down here for?  Read the message.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What is this tiny hole in the bathroom wall for?
What part of no didn't you understand?
What principles?  I'm trying to get elected!
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
When a girl goes bad, men go right after her.
When all else fails, read the directions.
When all else fails, read the manual.
When all else fails, spend money!
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
When all is said and done, more is said then done.
When an agnostic dies, does he go to the great perhaps?
When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
When I want your advice, I'll beat it out of you
When in doubt, mumble.  When in trouble, delegate.
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
When your IQ hits 21, sell!
Who is general failure, and why is he reading my disk?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why get even, when you can get odd?
Wake up! Who the hell is Tina?
Without my ignorance, your knowledge would be meaningless.
Women prefer the simple things in life, men!
Women take to good hearted men.
Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Women who wear mini skirts sure are cheeky folk.
Women! Can't live with them, Can't live with them!
Words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them.
World ends at 3 pm. Film at 5 pm on CNN.
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would you like to have some pizza with that sausage?
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You are confused? But this is your normal state.
You are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can go home now, I can finish this without you.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
You can pick your friends, but not your relatives.
You can send me to college, but you can't make me think.
You can trust the government, ask any native american.
You can turn any conversation into one about sex!
You can't do that. It's been digitally cursed.
You go to heaven and God sneezes.  What do you say?
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
You have only a very small head and must live within it.
You have PMS and a Handgun?  I'll go quietly.
You have the right to remain silent.  Use it!
You have to be sharp to be on the cutting edge.
You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
You look like a million dollars.  All in loose change.
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
You used to be indecisive.  Now you're not sure.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be told about it tomorrow.  Go home and prepare
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will never be younger then you are today..
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You're always seated by a crying child during long flights.
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You're not old, You're chronologically disadvantaged
You're only young once.  You're immature forever.
You're PC if you think a "chick" is a baby bird.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
Your aims are high, and you are incapable of much.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
Your boss is thinking about you.
Your ex just called.  She's with the IRS now.
Your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!



You can't change the past so no regrets.

Always keep your clothes and weapons where you can find them in
the dark.

If everything seems to be going right, you obviously don't know
what the hell is going on.

In a battle where there is no way out, take an honor guard with
you to hell.

Life's a bitch, then you die.

Life's a bitch, but death is no picnic either.

Life's a bitch, to prepare you for what comes next.

Death before dishonor.

Always take the initiative.

Get your first shot off fast. This upsets him enough that you can
make your second shot perfect.

Take out the officers early. This disrupts an organized fighting
force. If the force isn't organized, you don't have a problem.

The end justifies the means.

Death is inevitable. Go down fighting.

There is no conclusive evidence of life after death. Conversely
there is no evidence of any sort against it. Soon enough you will
know. So why worry?

The easiest means of suicide is not using your weapons.

Might is right, but guile lets you live longer.

Kill them all and let God sort them out.

Anarchy Now!

The most preposterous notion that man has ever come up with is that
The omnipotent, omniscient, benevolent Lord God of Creation, Shaper
and Ruler of all the Universes, wants worship and becomes petulant
if he does not receive it. Yet this idea, without one shred of
evidence, has paid all the expenses of the largest and least
productive industry in all history.

The second most preposterous notion is that copulation is
inherently sinful.

Always pack your own parachute.

Don't turn your back on anybody, especially your in laws.

Never sit with your back to a door.

Always expect the unexpected, especially when you don't expect it.

The only sure thing is change.

Always have at least two backup escape routes.

Do unto others before they do unto you.
Do unto others what they would do unto you but do it
first.
Do unto others what they have done unto you.

Do whatever you want, but don't get caught doing it.

I told Orville and I'm telling you, Wilbur, that danged contraption
will never work.

Do unto others then run like hell.

Always try anything, except suicide, once. Twice if you like it,
and three times to be sure.

Organized religion always has three main objectives. To benefit
the priests. To benefit the government. To always benefit
the priests.

One ingredient for a happy marriage, budget the luxuries first.

All women are the same height lying down.

You can't be a little bit pregnant.

Make sure you have fun, because you never know when you are going
to die.

We all live the same amount of time.  From when we are born until
we die. It's just the amount of memories that differ.

Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you from betting.
If you don't bet you can't win.

Always listen to experts. They will tell you what you can't do and
why. Then do it.

Any priest should be considered guilty until proven innocent.

All men are created unequal.

The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.

You live and learn - or you don't live long.

In a family argument, if it turns out that you are right
apologize at once!

Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.

Beware of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors
and miss.

Yield to temptation, it may not pass your way again.

Natural laws have no pity.

Anything free is worth what you pay for it.

There isn't no such thing as a free lunch.

The strangest of all "crimes" that man has ever legislated out of
nothing is blasphemy.  With "obscenity" and "indecent exposure"
not far behind.

Never trust anyone completely, especially yourself.

Chaotic evil means never having to say that you are sorry.

All things considered, insanity may be the only reasonable
alternative.

Honesty is the best policy but lying is more fun.

Lie, cheat and steal to get what you want. If that doesn't work,
try honest. If that doesn't work, blow them all to hell.

Expertise in one field does not carry over into other fields, but
experts often think so. The narrower their field of knowledge, the
more likely they are to think so.

Let's split up, we can do more damage that way.

Masturbation is cheap, easy, clean, and free of any possibility of
wrongdoing, and you don't have to go home in the cold. But it's
lonely.

The hardest thing to say in 25 words or less is goodbye.

If you love something set it free. If it doesn't come back, hunt
it down and kill it.
If you love something set it free. If it comes back,
it's yours. If it doesn't, it never belonged to you in the first
place.

Discipline is a means to an end, not the end itself.

Avoid making irrevocable decisions when you are tired and plan ahead.

In an emergency, junk any and all laws to save your ass.

Everything in excess. Take big bites. Moderation is for monks.

War is not dying for your country. It's making some other poor SOB
die for his.

War is not hell. Life is hell.

Life is hell. War is worse.

Sex is the most beautiful, natural, and joyous thing that money can
buy.

Vapors don't shoot back.

All laws are made to be broken.  Especially moral ones.

Ever notice that laws are made "for your own good"?

If you can't win honestly, cheat like hell.

If you attack a man, kill him. That way there's less paperwork.

In a fight, if at first you don't succeed, the hell with it.

There is no excuse for getting caught with your guard down.

If you get caught by a new trick, ok, but only fools get caught
twice.

Fools die young.

Always remember, your ass is number 1.

The best defense is a good offense. The reverse is also true.

Dead men tell no tales. They don't say anything else either.

Wounded men nark, so better dead than hurt.

Does history record any case where the majority was right?

Don't ask what you can do for your country. Tell it what to do for
you.

Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean that they're not out to
get you.

Are we having fun yet?

Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.

Be yourself. It's a dirty job but someone has to do it.

Be sexy. It's a dirty job but someone has to do it.

Better dead than mellow.

Bombs don't kill people, explosions kill people.

Chaotic ducks have more fun.

Christians do it with grace.

A closed mouth gathers no feet.

Don't hate yourself in the morning. Sleep until noon.

Eat the rich. The poor are tough and stringy
43 percent of all statistics are worthless.

If they can't take a joke, fuck them.

Go lemmings, go!

God did not create the world in 7 days. He goofed off for 6 days
and then pulled an all nighter.

I think, therefore I am, I think.

If we outlaw guns, how will we shoot people?

If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.

If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.

If you eat a live frog in the morning, nothing worse can happen
to either of you for the rest of the day.

Kick ass now, take names later.

Nuke them till they glow, then shoot them in the dark.

Peace through superior firepower.

If you think that sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it
the wrong way.

Support free trade by smuggling.

There are very few personal problems that can't be solved by a
suitable application of high explosives.

If it moves, kill it.

Is there life after death? Trespass and find out.

Nuke the smurfs.

There's always time to party

When fighting a horseman, kill the horse. A horseman without a
horse is but half a man.


Any place that you habitually return to is the place to be most
wary of because that is where an ambush can be set for you.

The following statement is true.  The preceding statement is false.

When sword fighting, a slash is showy and frightens the enemy, a
thrust kills them quickly and helps form a wall (of bodies) for
your added protection.

Death is every man's right and privilege.

Two's company, three's a menage a trois.

Sex is spiritual in essence or it is a friendly exercise. The
saddest thing about homosexuality is not that it is wrong, or that
no progeny can come from it, but that it is harder to achieve this
union.

I love everybody, and you're next.

Older men are chosen to speak wisely, but we call a child to a
sacrificial rite.

I'm schizophrenic and so am I.

The best cure for a hangover is to keep on drinking.

Come back with your shield or on it.

As soon as you are born, you start to die.

You're not going anywhere but your grave.

When I want your opinion, I'll give it to you.

If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalks.

Only one of us is going to live through this, and it's not going
to be me.

It's later than you think.

Damn the torpedoes.  Full speed ahead.

I did what I did. You don't have to like it.

Sex is only dirty if its done right.

I swear to God, I'm an atheist.

The only thing that we learn from history is that people don't
learn anything from history.

Anything not nailed down is mine.

If I can pry it loose, it's not nailed down.

You've got to catch me first.

Can you say "death trap"?

It's only common sense, which is why I feel you need to be told.

Paranoid schizophrenics always outnumber their enemies at least two
to none.

Never tell me the odds.

The person who dies with the most toys wins.

The only difference between men and boys is the price of their toys.

World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.

There's a fine line between being a hero and being dead.

If it sounds like bullshit, smells like bullshit, and looks like bullshit, it
probably is bullshit.

Overpopulation is a problem with an easy remedy.

Anarchy would not work because the freedom of one would infringe
on the freedom of others.

Anarchy would make humans a better race through survival of the
fittest.

Anarchy would work because if you couldn't get along, you wouldn't
have to.

The only good thing about the United States government system is that all
the rest are worse.

Democracy is a good system for beginners.

Hammurabi, an ancient Babylonian, wrote a set of laws which were
basically an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. If you lie,
your tongue would be cut off, if you steal your hand would be cut
off, etc. etc. etc. You don't want to know the penalty for adultery.

Be prepared for the worst. If it happens, you're ready and if not,
you're lucky.

If you fall off a horse, get back on and kick it.

If you suggest a new way to do things, and it works, act surprised.

If you're feeling good, don't worry, you'll get over it.

God fights on the side with the heaviest artillery.

Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite
me.

God helps those who help themselves so be greedy.

Life is too short to make big mistakes. Make little ones.

We all die after a while so don't rush it.

God created all so everything is natural.

Rigor mortis can't be too bad, no one complains.

Do unto others only if they are smaller than you.

Love spreads germs. We'll all get sick.

There's nothing that total destruction can't cure.

Those who live by the sword ain't shit compared to those with
automatic weapons.

Curiosity killed the cat and an awful lot of rabbits.

Anything killed would have died eventually anyway.

Life and love are four letter words.

Sex has only three letters so it can't be dirty.

Not all four letter words are dirty.  For example, beer.

If it weren't for incest, you wouldn't exist.

Why? Conversely, why not?

Laws and flaws have the same structure.

There's no such thing as a pacifist male.

There's no such thing as a benevolent dictatorship.

Everyone is entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
but that doesn't mean that they'll get them.

You're not paranoid. They are out to get you.

Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.

Just for the hell of it, that's why!

Hindsight is wonderful. It tells you what you did wrong after you
did it.

You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damn fool proof.

Nothing can be made foolproof because fools are so ingenious.

He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.

You can't prove to me that you exist, and I can't prove to you that
I exist, so we're even.

The longer you live, the sooner you will die.

He moved, that's why I shot him.

Juvenile delinquency is the things that the older generation did
when they were young.

Any normal girl would rather by looked over than overlooked.

There are three things in the world that most men love but never
understand: females, girls, and women.

It's not the fall that injures, it's the sudden stop.

You can't get anywhere unless you start.

People seldom know what they did until they try to undo what they
did.

The world's greatest deeds are accomplished by men that are smart
enough to know that it's impossible or too stupid to know that it's
not.

Against boredom, even the gods struggle in vain.

Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.

Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
magic.

Ask a silly person, get a silly answer.

Beat your child once per day. If you don't know why, he will.

Blade runner for hire - have gun, will travel.

Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.

Born again pagan.

Brute force, clumsiness, ignorance and superstition will always
triumph over science.

Certified public assassin.

Chaos is King, and Magic is loose in the world.

Decadent capitalist and proud of it.

A desk is a wastebasket with drawers.

Do you know where your towel is?

Don't ask me, I just work here.

Don't ask me, I'm making it up as I go along.

Don't panic!

Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.

Exceptions rule!

God is real unless declared integer.

Grab them by the balls, the hearts and minds will follow.

The hell with the prime directive, let's kill something!

He's dead, Jim.

Of course he's dead!  I killed him!

He who fights and runs away gets shot in the back.

Hi! I can't remember your name either.

I'm not a trained killer. I lead trained killers.

I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person
I preach to.

I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.

I may be a craven little coward, but I'm a greedy craven little
coward.

I think I could fall madly in bed with you.

If a man writes a better book, preaches a better sermon, and beds
a better whore than his neighbor, though he builds his domicile
deep in the woods, the world will beat a path to his door to find
out who the better whore was.

If it jams, force it. If it breaks it needed replacing anyway.

I'm not loafing. I work so fast I'm always finished.

I'm not tense, just terribly alert.

Immoral majority charter member.

Incorrigible punster. Do not incorrige.
Indecision is the basis of flexibility.

In the beginning, God created the universe. This has made a lot of
people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.

It's not a dungeon, it's a fortified underground defense
installation.

It's what you can't see that can and will kill you.

I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.

I've had fun before. This isn't it.

Knowing Murphy's Law won't help.

The less you bother me, the sooner you will get results.

Love thy neighbor, but be sure that her husband is out of town.

A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.

The moral majority is neither.

Mostly Harmless.

Murphy's Law only fails to work when you try to demonstrate it.

My life may be strange, but at least it's not boring.

Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing what you want
to.

Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.

Never sleep with someone crazier than yourself.

No good deed goes unpunished.

Oh no, not again.

Old mercenaries never die. They just go to hell and regroup.
Peace through superior swordplay.

Question authority.

Rampaging anarchist horde and floating beer party.

Reality is a hypothesis.

Resistance is useless if less than 1 ohm.

A small carafe of wine is illogical, immoral, and inadequate.
Smile, it makes people wonder what you're thinking.

Smile, it makes people wonder what you've been up to.

A Smith and Wesson beats 4 aces.

Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll
believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he'll have to touch
it to be sure.

There is a difference between an open mind and a hole in the head.

There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers
exactly what the universe is for and why it is here, it will
instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre
and inexplicable. There is another which states that this has
already happened.

They'll take my sword when they pry my cold dead fingers off the
hilt.

This must be morning. I could never get the hang of mornings.

Travel by tesseract. It's the only way to go.

Please recalibrate your instruments accordingly.

Ultimate question research team.

Under the most carefully controlled conditions of temperature,
pressure, food supply, etc., an organism will do as it damn well
pleases.

Unicorns aren't mythical, virgins are.

Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.

Wandering punster.

Whimsical when bored.

Why can't you be unique and original like everybody else?

Why reason when insanity prevails.

The way to a man's heart is with a broadsword.

What could possibly go wrong?

When all else fails, read the instructions.

When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.

You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to do the
backstroke, then you've got something.

You can not have a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant.

You know better than to trust a strange computer.

You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.

Action is what you don't take when the other guy is bigger.

Actions speak louder then words, but not as often. In politics
especially.

Well, now what do we do?

It's never too late to try again until you are dead.

There's no such thing as permanent.

Ever notice there's never time to do it right but always time to
do it over?

Why are we here and what the hell is going on?

Everybody lies about sex.

Does your end justify your jeans?

The light at the end of the tunnel is probably an oncoming train.

Because we like you! That's why.

Never trust the facts.

Never trust mother nature.

Let's go.

Better late than never.


I've got you now.

No you don't.

It's one of those days.

It's time to go home.

Never borrow anything, steal it.

Death is not an end, it's a beginning.

This is not funny.

It's only your imagination.

Morals? What are they?

There's nothing stranger than life.


Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely.

Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.

If God hadn't wanted me to be paranoid he wouldn't have given me
such a vivid imagination.

The importance of a question is inversely proportional to the
chance that you will remember it.

The victor belongs to the spoils.

Everybody should believe in something. I believe I'll have another
drink.

In a hierarchy, individuals tend to rise to their level of
incompetence and remain there.

Life's a game which you can't win, can't quit, and can't change the
rules.

When the going gets tough, the weak get screwed.

I stopped drinking, smoking, taking drugs, and having sex. It was
the worst thirty seconds of my life.

I read that drinking, smoking and sex were bad for your health --
so I gave up reading.

The cult of Dionysus really had something going. On the holy days
they got up, drank, partied, had sex and then fell asleep. The good
part is that all days were holy to Dionysus.

Why be normal?

Nothing will go wrong when you try to show what's wrong to the
person who can fix what's wrong.

The good die young, so the evil have more time to do things.

The power of will without the direction of intelligence is a
destructive power.

The army has two standard sizes - too large and too small
I intend to go to hell.

Beware of loaning money to a friend. It can make him lose his
memory.

Taxes are like golf. You line up on the green and end up in the
hole.

Where are we going now?

It's not over till it's over.

Anything so simple a fool can use it will only be used by fools.

Cocaine is God's way of telling you that you are too rich.

Tornados are God's way of telling you that there are too many
mobile homes.

Death is God's way of telling you to slow down.

Who is this God person anyway?

Tomorrow is a whole new day to fuck up.

Good grades, studying hard and being respected are side effects of
alcohol deficiency.

I'm not as think as you stoned I am.

I feel great, and I don't kiss bad either.

What is a cubit?

Alarm clocks don't wake you up, they just disturb your sleep.

It is better to dare many things than to die never knowing victory
or defeat.

Do nothing except what you must, but when you must act don't
hesitate.

We are Citizens of the Outside. We have rejected the simplistic,
boring, regimented, bureaucratic moral and ethical scriptures by
which the people live. In their place, we have substituted our own
far superior ones. We may move physically among them, but we are
not of them. In order to accomplish our aims we must operate
outside their barriers and well outside their rules.

Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.

He who knows least talks longest.

Don't change color to match the walls. Look like you belong there
and the walls will change color to match you.

Speak of the devil.

Anything you get free costs more than it's worth, but you don't
find that out till later.

Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a
cat.

A person who won't be blackmailed can't be blackmailed

If it's sinful it's more fun.

Being intelligent is not a felony, but most societies evaluate it
as at least a misdemeanor.

It is far, far better to have a bastard in the family than an
unemployed son in law.

Has it ever occurred to you that God might be a committee?

"Cooperate with the inevitable" means roll with the punch.  It
does not mean stooling for the guards.

Shout at the devil.

Always save the last bullet for yourself.

Always give the other sucker an even break.

An enemy is never a villain in his own eyes. Keep this in mind; it
may offer a way to make him your friend. If not, you can kill him
without hate, and quickly.

Nothing ever gets built on time or within budget.

History does not record anywhere at any time a religion with any
rational basis. Religion is a crutch for those not strong enough
to stand up to the unknown without help. But, like dandruff, most
people do have a religion, spend time and money on it, and seem to
derive considerable pleasure from fiddling with it.

Any government will work if authority and responsibility are equal
and coordinate. This does not insure "good" government, it simply
insures that it will work. Such governments are rare.  Most people
want to run things but want no part of the blame. This used to be
known as the back seat driver syndrome.

You can have peace or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on
having both at once.

When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse
is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.

Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other sins
are invented nonsense. Hurting yourself is not sinful, just
stupid.

Stupidity cannot be cured with money, or through education, or by
legislation. Stupidity is not a sin, the victim can't help being
stupid. But stupidity is the only universal capital crime; there
is no appeal, and the execution is carried out automatically and
without pity.

There is no such thing as "social gambling". Either you are there
to cut the other bloke's heart out and eat it, or you're a sucker.
If you don't like this choice, don't gamble.

The two highest achievements of the human mind are the twin
concepts of "loyalty" and "duty." Whenever these twin concepts fall
into disrepute - get out of there fast! You may possibly save
yourself, but it is too late for that society. It is doomed.

Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.

If you have to join the army, shuffle papers or cut red tape.

I wanna die with my boots on.

Let's do it!

Sayings are made by people who take common sense and add a lot of
bullshit.

If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.

If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.

Justice always prevails three times out of seven.

An order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.

It's always the wrong time of the month.

No books are lost by lending except those you particularly wanted
to keep.

You can get anywhere in ten minutes if you go fast enough.

Speed bumps are of negligible effect when the vehicle exceeds
triple the desired restraining speed.

On a beautiful day like this it's hard to believe that anyone can
be unhappy, but we'll work on it.

Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
Blessed is the person who has reached the point of no return and
knows it, for he shall enjoy living.

Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be
disappointed.

Ignorance is no excuse.

The moment you have worked out an answer, start checking it.  It
probably isn't right.

If at first you don't succeed, blame it on the teacher!

When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate. When in charge,
ponder.

If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.

Clearly stated instructions will constantly produce multiple
interpretations.

It's always the other guy's fault.

The critical mass of any do it yourself explosive is never less
than half a bucketful.

Capitalism exists in one of two states, welfare and warfare.

It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

If nothing can go wrong, something will anyway.

The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond
them to the impossible.

If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.

The gas can is mightier than the sword.

When a subject becomes totally obsolete, we make it a required
course.

Out of two possibly effects, the undesirable one will occur.

Lemmings drown.

Sometimes the best law is no law at all.

However you vote, and whatever you do, someone will be out there
telling you that you are wrong, insensitive, a
bleeding heart, a pawn of somebody else, too wishy washy,
too unwilling to compromise, or all of the above.  Consistency
is not required of critics.

If there isn't a law, there will be.

What we call sin in others is experiment in us.

If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved
it.

Entropy is always increasing.

Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.

Hide! If they find you, lie!

Ask five people and you'll get at least six opinions.

If you're ever right, never let them forget it.

If a string has one end it has another end.

Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
discovers something that either abolishes the system or expands it
beyond recognition.

Do not believe in miracles, rely on them.

Always verify your witchcraft.

Experience is in direct proportion to equipment ruined.

Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you
won't either.

The meek shall inherit the earth in a six foot by four block.

If you can't remember, it's not important.

If it's good, they will stop making it.

Quality is inversely proportional to quantity.

Drop dead.

A "sin" is a belief different from yours.

In order to get a loan, you must first prove that you don't need
it.

The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone else
to blame it on.

Whatever it is, I'm not responsible.
Whatever I did, I didn't do it.

If things were left to chance, they'd be better.
No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee, when
it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your
direction, and almost none will return to the source.

Just when you get really good at something, there is no need to do
it anymore.

85 percent of everything is hidden.

There are no winners in life, only survivors.

The idea is to die young as late as possible.

Mother nature is a bitch.

Even if it can't it might.

The number that is obviously correct will contain the error.

If it's obvious, it's not.

I am sorry, that is beyond your security clearance.

The computer is your friend.

On the rare occasion that something is successful, the wrong person
gets the credit.

If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.


If you're confident after you've finished an exam, it's because you
don't know enough to know better.

A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the
pants.

Never leave hold of what you've got until you've got something else.

Those who study the past find other ways to foul up.

If you can't beat them, have them join you.

The boss is always right. When the boss is wrong,
the boss is right.

Our troops advanced today without losing a foot of ground.

Negative slack tends to increase.

If something cannot be put into something smaller, some dope will
do it.

Nobody notices when things go right.

The rat race is over. The rats won.

Death shall not be denied.

I thought you silenced the guard!

What guard?

First rule of hiding: Don't be conspicuous
Alternative theory: Be conspicuous. No one looks at conspicuous
people. 

I'm not crazy, I just don't give a fuck.

Ronald McDonald says, eat McShit and die.

A pseudonym is a nym that's not your nym.

Dr. Mark says, go suck a sonic screwdriver.

This paper has AIDS. Now that you've touched it, you have it too.
You have two to five years to live. How do you feel now?

Have a nice day.

What? Me worry?

If you kill me, you're dead.

The living will envy the dead.

I'm not a genius, you're just stupid.

It takes one who has not to tell someone how much they have.

Lessons learned by suffering are often obscured by happiness.

With wisdom comes suffering, with suffering comes wisdom.

With everything there comes a price, even love.

Happiness and sorrow are extremes between which lies inner peace.

The explanation requiring the fewest number of assumptions is most
likely to be correct.

The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.

Variables won't, constants aren't.

Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
Nothing is ultimate.

The solution to a problem changes the problem.

If you're coasting, you're going downhill.

Never tell them what you wouldn't do.

Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.

I know and I can't tell you. I know and I can tell you. I
don't know.

The easiest way to find something is to replace it.

Laziness is the mother of nine inventions out of ten.

Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.

A little ignorance goes a long way.

Hell hath no fury like a pacifist.

Pacifists will fight to preserve peace.

Entropy has us outnumbered.

Learn to be sincere. Even if you have to fake it.

Do whatever your enemies don't want you to do.

If it can be understood, it's not finished yet.

A little ambiguity never hurt anyone.

The public is always wrong.

Go where the money is. 
If you can't convince them, confuse them

The easiest way of making money is to stop losing it.

If it happens, it must be possible.

A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.

If you're already in a hole, there is no use to keep digging.

They say an elephant never forgets, but what's he got to remember?

Silence the heart, mend the soul, and clear the mind; then you will
have inner peace.
Depression is a manifestation of a clouded mind.

A friend is one who can see you better than you can see yourself.

Discover the ultimate secret, the self.

Before judging another, look with his eye, feel with his heart,
yearn with his soul.

True bravery lies in facing life.

Words are a tool that can soothe the soul or incense the mind
depending on their use.

I am all that I have seen, all that I have felt, all that I have
read, all that I have heard, all that I have experienced. I am I,
I am all that I am, I am myself.

Life is a long lesson in humility.

Working because you want to is the best kind of playing.

Pay taxes greater than your apparent standard of living and declare
income accordingly.

Study what the most respected authorities agree cannot be done, then do the opposite!

No born leader seeks command.

A commanding officer commands, he doesn't ask for votes.

Never appeal to man's "better nature". He may not have one.
Invoking his self interest gives you more leverage.

A competent and self confident person is incapable of jealousy in
anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.

Find out what he wants, he'll geek!.

I volunteered once and that's enough for a lifetime.

There are only four top subjects, the rest are sideshows, money,
sex, war, and death. So which one do we choose? Right!

Heaven is as close as you will let it be.

To catch a thief, you set a thief free.

Can you cite one case in which a killer committed another murder
after he was executed?

When they're big enough, they're old enough and nothing can be done
about it.


Death is an old friend, I know him well. I lived with him, I ate
with him, I slept with him. To meet him again does not frighten me.
Death is as necessary as birth, and as happy in its own way.

Never tell the truth in mixed company.

Fiction is anything that has not necessarily happened yet.

Magic, like everything else, has rules.

Evil and Good are relative terms.



Smoke jimson weed.  Do whatever comes naturally.

Switch the sheets on your beds while she is at class.

Twitch a lot.

Pretend to talk while pretending to be asleep.

Steal a fish tank.  Fill it with beer and dump sardines in it.  Talk to them.

Become a genius.

Inject her twinkies with a mixture of dexatrim and msg.

Learn to levitate.  While your roommate is looking away, float up out of your seat.  When she turns to look, fall back down and grin.

Speak in tongues.

Move you roommate's personal effects around.  Start subtlety.  Gradually
     work up to big things, and eventually glue everything she owns to the
     ceiling.

Walk and talk backwards.

Spend all your money on jolt cola.  Drink it all.  Stack the cans in the
     middle of your room.  Number them.

Spend all your money on Transformers.  Play with them at night.  If your
     roommate says anything, tell her with a straight face, they're more
     than meets the eye.

Recite entire movie scripts almost inaudibly.

Kill roaches with a monkey wrench while playing Wagnerian arias on a
     kazoo.  If your roommate complains, explain that it is for your performance
     art class, or hit her with the wrench.

Collect all your urine in a small jug.

Chain yourself to your roommate's bed.  Get her to bring you food.

Get a computer.  Leave it on when you are not using it.  Turn it off
     when you are using it.

Ask your roommate if your family can move in "just for a couple of
     weeks."

Buy as many back issues of field and stream as you can.  Pretend to
     masturbate while reading them.

Fake a heart attack.  When your roommate gets the paramedics to come,
      pretend nothing happened.

Eat glass.

Smoke ballpoint pens.

Smile.  All the time.

Collect dog shit in baby food jars.  Sort them according to what you
     think the dog ate.

Burn all your waste paper while eying your roommate suspiciously.

Hide a bunch of potato chips and twinkies in the bottom of a trash can.
     When you get hungry, root around in the trash.  Find the food, and eat it
     If your roommate empties the trash before you get hungry, demand that she
     reimburse you.

Leave a declaration of war on your roommate's desk.  Include a list of
     grievances.

Paste boogers on the windows in occult patterns.

Shoot rubber bands at your roommate while her back is turned, and
     then look away quickly.

Dye all your underwear lime green.

Spill a lot of beer on her bed.  Swim.

Bye three loaves of stale bread.  Grow mold in the closet.

Hide your underwear and socks in your roommate's closet.  Accuse her
     of stealing it.

Remove your door.  Ship it to your roommate's parents.

Pray to Azazoth or Zoroaster.  Sacrifice something nasty.

Whenever your roommate walks in, wait one minute and then stand up.
     Announce that you are going to take a shower.  Do so.  Keep this up for
     three weeks.

Array thirteen toothbrushes of different colors on your dresser.  Refuse
     to discuss them.

Paint your half of the room black.  Or paisley.

Whenever she is about to fall asleep, ask questions that start with,
did you ever wonder why?  Be creative.

Shave one eyebrow.

Put your mattress underneath your bed.  Sleep down under there.

Put horseradish in your shoes.

Shelve all your books with the spines facing the wall.  Complain loudly
     that you can never find the book that you want.

Always flush the toilet three times.

Subsist entirely on pickles for a week.  Vomit often.

Buy a copy of panda bear salsa and play it at
     least 6 hours a day.  If your roommate complains, explain that it's an
     assignment for your primitive cultures class.

Give her an allowance.

Listen to radio static.

Open your window shades before you go to sleep each night.  Close them
     as soon as you wake up.


Pat was a pretty brunette with a knack for brassy banter
and a willing smile that could brighten twilight into day without a crease.

  But she was so lonely.

  Jim was a placid plainsman with a plaintive drawl that belied his firm
convictions, and a gut tough enough to bend a blade back on its kerf.

  He was lonely, too.

  The trouble with Pat and Jim, so perfectly matched, was a simple matter of
time and place.  She was a generation younger than Jim. Jim lived thousands of
miles from Pat.

  She was poor. He was rich.

  He was dumb. She was smart.

  She belonged to Mensa. He could hardly read his own signature.

  They didn't know each other or, had they known of one another, want to.

  Their destinies were not on a collision course.

  What a shame!  Their love affair would have made a great story.





First of all, let me start by giving you a brief description of road
pizza for easy identification.  Have you ever been traveling down the road,
and seen a dead creature flattened onto the pavement?  This is your basic
road pizza.  This pizza may take many shapes, scents, and sizes which we
will describe in this file.

Road pizza is defined as any living creature, including little brothers, alive
at one time or another which has been flattened in various ways by a moving
vehicle, to a pizza thickness.

Now we will go into more detail on the specific types of road pizzas we
have found.

The friendly road pizza.  This pizza is created when you accidentally or
   purposely run over your neighbors pet.

Road pizza strip style is created when your neighbors cat seeks warmth on
   your car engine.  When the ignition is turned, you will in most cases have
   the genuine strip style pizza.

The unclaimed road pizza.  When a line of cars strikes the creature and no
   one wishes to claim the kill, or stops to pick it up, leaving it for the
   next passing road pizza fanatic.

The extra sauce road pizza.  Usually of the freshest variety.  Commonly
   occurs upon the creatures first day as a new road pizza member.

The pepperoni and cheese road pizza.  A favorite of road pizza fanatics.  This is a
fairly rare occurrence when the head of the creature is crushed in such a way
that it's eyes are flattened and the brains emerge from the skull giving the
pepperoni and cheese effect.

The freeze dried road pizza.  This is the standard pie, lowered below 32
degrees, creating an almost unbreakable pizza.  This particular pizza is
also one of the frisbee variety described later in this file.  Unfortunately
this one is usually only found in the northern states.

The aged road pizza.  This is the road pizza which is stuck securely to the gray
forming board.  Normally this pie has no scent, or sauce and carries a 
peculiar after taste.

The frisbee road pizza is a modified version of the aged road pizza or the freeze dried
road pizza.  With the correct size, shape, and weight this pizza may be ideal for a
good game of frisbee.

The imaginary road pizza.  This is the road pizza you thought you saw, but turns
out to be a shadow, pothole, or any other drug induced hallucination.

Multiple road pizza is created when an unfriendly scavenger is feasting on 
your road pizza.  Striking the scavenger while in this situation will create a most
delightful pie.

The intoxicated road pizza occurs while driving intoxicated and you
swerve to strike the creature, unsure of the job you did you must apply the
brakes and check your rear view mirror.  The reverse option may be necessary
at this time.

The doggie bag road pizza.  The road pizza you strike, but do not feel
like eating at the time.  This pizza may be stored in a doggie bag to keep
it fresh for later reheating.  We suggest the use of a microwave over the
conventional oven.  A delightful surprise and a nice change from the routine
meals for the wife and kids.

The smart ass road pizza.  This is the creature which nimbly jumps out
of your way, seemingly laughing at you to be struck by a car coming from the
opposite direction.

The bite size road pizzas - Includes Frogs, mice, and other small 
creatures which may be cooked later or eaten raw on the spot if still warm.

The grilled road pizza refers to birds of any type which did not
quite escape, but instead were the proper height to be mashed into your cars
grill.

The half road pizza occurs when you arrive at the sight to find only half of a
pie.  Either a generous road pizza lover was not hungry enough to eat the whole pie
or the other half is still stuck to the road pizza makers tire or wheel well.

The convulsive road pizza occurs when you strike the specimen only
injuring it and the reverse mode option of your vehicle is needed to finish
the job.

The accidental road pizza occurs when you have a healthy supply of road pizza's and
wish to leave this kill for someone else, but accidentally you skid over the
specimen instead. Sometimes this causes the extra sauce road pizza to occur.

The expensive road pizza.  This is the pizza which does more damage to
your car than you invoke on it.  Often intentional.

The reaking road pizza occurs when you strike a skunk, creating a vile
odor to take place.  Also, this road pizza has a different type of aftertaste.

Utensils needed for the road pizza epicure.

A standard spatula.
A properly warmed car engine for sufficient heating.
A strong stomach.



A place to vomit.
Dental floss for the fury road pizza's.
A can of any strong air freshener in case of the reaking road pizza encounter.


Well, this concluded this file on various road pizzas.  Hope you enjoyed
reading this information.  But back to all seriousness, we urge you to try
kitty litter.

Thanks for your time.



Have you done it on a boat?
 Have you done it with a goat?

 Have you done it in a bed?
 Have you done it with the dead?

 Have you done it in the ass?
 Have you done it, high on grass?

 Have you done it in the car?
 Have you simply gone too far?

 Have you done it on the beach?
 Have you done it with the teach?

 Have you done it on your back?
 Have you done it strapped to a rack?

 Have you done it in a box?
 Have you done it with a fox?

 Have you done it in a tree?
 Have you done it with more than three?

 Have you done it in the rain?
 Have you done it for the pain?

 Have you done it between the tits?
 Have you done it wearing mitts?

 Have you done it packed in rubber?
 Have you done it undercover?

 Have you done it on a perch?
 Have you done it in a church?

 Have you done it with a virgin?
 Have you done it with a sturgeon?

 Have you done it with ropes and chains?
 Have you done it while insane?

 Have you done it on the stage?
 Have you done it underage?

 Have you done it with all your friends?
 Have you done it in both ends?

 Have you done it with your dog?
 Have you done it on a log?

 Have you done it under clamps?
 Have you done it with the lamps?

 Have you done it for all to see?
 Have you ever had VD?

 Have you done it on Mom's couch?
 Have you done it in your mouth?

 Have you done it while on tape?
 Have you done it out of shape?

 Have you done it on live TV?
 Have you done it whilst you pee?

 Have you done it in the gym?
 Have you done it on a whim?

 Have you done it on a dare?
 Do you really think we care?



It's not extramarital sex if you don't actually
sleep with the person.

Chocolate is a vegetable.

It doesn't count as tabloid reporting if you're only reporting
that the tabloids reported it.

You're still sober as lounge as you can still say your
worms properly.

It isn't a preexisting condition unless you had it before you existed.

You're not fat if clothes are actually made in your size.

You're not guilty of DUI if you thought someone else was driving.

It is not vote fraud unless you can prove those dead guys would have voted
the other way.

You are not abusing drugs if you store them in a cool, dry place and never
shout at them.

You are not bald if you have hair growing out of your nose.

It is not premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.

You are not drinking alcohol if you plan on puking it back up.

It is not racketeering if you use a bat.

It isn't procrastination if you decide to postpone it right now.

It's not plagiarism if you would have written it exactly that way.


                     In the Beginning there was the plan.

                        And then came the assumptions.

                    And the assumptions were without form.

                And the plan was completely without substance.

              And the darkness was upon the face of the workers.

                   And they Spoke among themselves saying,

                  it is a crock of shit, and it smells funny.

           And the workers went unto their supervisors and said,

         it is a pail of dung and none may abide the odor there of.

      And the supervisors went unto their managers and said unto them,

            it is a container of excrement and it is very strong,

                       such that none may abide by it.

            And the managers went unto their directors and said,

       it is a vessel of fertilizer, and none may abide its strength.

      And the directors spoke amongst themselves, saying one to another,

      it contains that which aids plant growth, and it is very strong.

    And the directors went unto the vice presidents and said unto them,

                  it promotes growth and is very powerful.

     And the vice presidents went unto the president and said unto him,

    this new plan will actively promote the growth and efficiency of this 

                   company, and these areas in particular.

                    And the president looked upon the plan

            and saw that it was good.  And the plan became policy.



                          This is how shit happens.

Microwaves frizz your heir.

Got mole problems?  Call Avogadro.

Reality is for people who can't face science fiction.

I'd rather be teleporting.

God didn't create the world in seven days.
He rested for six and then pulled an all nighter.

Biology grows on you.

Going the speed of light is bad for your age.

White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.

Klein bottle for rent, inquire within.

Your test tube wears combat boots!

James Watt is so dense, he absorbs neutrinos.

Quasars shift red, hot stars burn blue, space is warped, and so are you.

Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening all at once.

There's no future in time travel.

Due to the robot shortage, some of our bartenders are human and will react unpredictably when insulted.

Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.

Entropy isn't what it used to be.

Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic.

Mobius strippers never show you their back side.

Invest in physics, own a piece of Dirac.

Health is simply the slowest possible rate at which one can die.

The reason computer chips are so small
is that computers don't eat much.

It isn't only a good idea, it's the law!

Radioactive cats in the vicinity.




You are in your dorm room. Your roommate is playing Jello
Biafra. The cups on the desk are shattering. 
There is an unfinished lab book here. 
There is a chemistry book here. 
There are socks here. 
There are empty beer bottles here. 
There is a computer here.
There are six moldy bananas here.
There are several tons of dirty laundry here. 
There are shattering cups here. 
There is a refrigerator here.
There is a desk with drawers here.
  Your roommate makes discouraged sounds. The cups stop shattering.
It is very heavy. You are carrying too much.

 You come to a lounge. 
  There is a door here.
  There are two chairs here.
  There is a desk here. 
  Tony is here, studying chemistry.


You start scribbling the solutions to the problems on the blank
papers of zig-zag. Just as you write the last answer, the teacher
collects the exams, staples them together, and leaves. You have
truly smoked this test.

You stumble down the hallway in a northerly direction. Smacking
into the door at the end and popping it open. You trip over your
untied shoelaces and fall through the doorway. The door slams shut
behind you. 


As you inhale the xeroxed papyrus, you feel the knowledge of the
ancients seeping into your mind. You come to a complete
understanding of the material, but you no longer have anything to
turn in. 

Ladies and Gentlemen, please rise for the singing of our National Anthem.
Charge 25 cents a cup for coffee.
"Charge the mound" when a professor beans you with a high fast question.
Interpretive dance.
Stage your own death.
Lead the spectators in a Wave.
Have a sing a long.
You call that a question? How the hell did they make you a professor?
Ladies and Gentlemen, as I dim the lights, please hold hands and
	concentrate so that we may channel the spirit of Lord Kelvin.
Have bodyguards outside the room to "discourage" certain professors
	from sitting in.
Puppet show.
Group prayer.
Animal sacrifice to the god of the Underworld.
Sell teeshirts to recoup the cost of copying, binding, etc.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you, there's a banana in my ear!
Imitate Groucho Marx.
Hold a Tupperware party.
[Have a bikini clad model be in charge of changing the overheads.
Everybody rhumba!
It would have worked if it weren't for those meddling kids..."
Charge a cover and check for ID.
In protest of our government's systematic and brutal oppression of
	minorities.
Anybody else as drunk as I am?
Use a super soaker to point at people.
Surreptitiously fill the room with laughing gas.
Door prizes and a raffle.
"Please phrase your question in the form of an answer."
"And now, a word from our sponsor."
Present your entire talk in iambic pentameter.
Whine piteously, beg, cry.
Switch halfway through your talk to pig Latin. Or Finnish pig Latin.
The emperor's new slides, only fools can't see the writing.
Table dance by you or an exotic dancer.
Yo, a smooth shout out to my homies.
"I'd like to thank the Academy."
Pass the collection basket for the poor graduate student.
Two drink minimum.
Which reminds me of a story, a pig, a cat, and a
	dog walk into a bar.
Release a flock of doves.
And now a reading from the book of Mormon.
There will be a short quiz after my presentation.
Dr Robinson, will you marry me?
Please do not bring your pet snake.




It's Deja Vu all over again.

We made too many wrong mistakes.

The Game's not over until it's over.

You give 100 percent the first half of the game, and if that isn't enough, in the second half, you give what's left.

"I really didn't say everything I said.

"It's so crowded, nobody goes there anymore.

If people don't want to come out to the ballpark, nobody's going to stop them.

"I want to thank all you people for making this night necessary."

I don't know, I'm not in shape yet!

You've got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.

We have very deep depth.

He must have made that before he died.

I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats.  After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?

"Nice to meet you, King."

Baseball is 90 percent mental. The other half is physical."

It gets late early out there.






Tacos don't compare you with friends.
      Tacos don't tell their mother that you are an asshole.
      Tacos don't tell your mother that you are an asshole.
      Tacos won't mind if you share them with friends.
      Tacos don't fall in love with you.
      Tacos don't gag.

                  Cowboys handle anything horny.
                  Cowgirls like to ride bareback.
                  Clock makers do it mechanically.


     If you consider yourself to be trained already, you may be

interested in helping us train others.
Don't be silly, protect your willy.

Don't be a loner, cover your boner.
                  Cops have bigger guns


                  Deer hunters will do anything for a buck.


When in doubt, shroud your spout.

You can't go wrong if you shield your dong.



You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless
                tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The
                majority of mathematicians are drunks or dope fiends.
                People laugh at you a great deal because you are always
                getting fucked.



 You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be
                progressive. You lie a great deal. On the other hand,
                you are inclined to be careless and impracticable,
                causing you to make the same mistakes repeatedly.
                Everyone thinks you are stupid.



 Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other 
        eight are unimportant.

Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking.

Don't do it if you can't keep it up.

 There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they 
        fall in love.

Don't be a fool, vulcanize your tool.

The right selection? Sack that erection.

Wrap it in foil before checking her oil.

Before the van starts rocking, cover it with a stocking.

A crank with armor will never harm her.

 Before you disrobe, cover your probe.
      Tacos don't care how much meat you put in them.
      Tacos don't give you herpes.
      Tacos never call you back in a month with bad news.
      Tacos don't care if you respect them in the morning.
      Tacos won't throw up in your front seat.
      Tacos won't scream so loud that it wakes up the neighbors.
      Tacos won't leave scratches on your back.      
      Tacos don't tell you that size doesn't count.
      Tacos can get away on weekends.
      Tacos don't care if you come home smelling like strange tacos.
      Tacos don't fog up your car windows.
      Tacos don't call you at home.
      Tacos won't mind if you talk about other tacos in your sleep.
      Tacos won't leave panties in your car.
      Tacos won't spit it out in the toilet.
      Tacos can handle rejection.
      Tacos won't ask you about former tacos.
      Tacos don't demand alimony when you stop eating them.
      Tacos are immune to yeast infections.
      Tacos don't yell beat me, hurt me, bite me!
      Tacos never eat other tacos.
      Tacos won't make you keep eating until you get it right.
      Tacos don't get headaches.
      Tacos don't make you tell them it was great.

 You can get tacos for 55 cents a piece.       
 You don't have to be a postman to eat tacos any day of the week.
 You can eat a taco in a two seat roadster or even while driving.
 You can eat a taco and know that you're the first.
 If you don't finish a taco, it  doesn't go away mad.
 You can eat a taco with your glasses on.
 You can always make a taco hot.
 A taco never tells you how to eat it.
 You can still eat a taco after you forget its birthday.
 You can breathe when you eat a taco.
 It's easy to get rid of a taco.

 Campers do it in a tent.
                  Carpenters hammer it harder.





     In order that we continue to produce the highest quality work

possible, it will be our policy to keep all employees well trained

through our program of shit.




Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount 
        of trouble.

There is no remedy for sex but more sex.



If you get them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.


 When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops 
        listening to him.

Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the 
        same ones she can't stand years later.





We are giving our employees more shit than most employers.

If you feel you have not received your share of shit, please

see your supervisor. You will be placed on the shit list for

special attention. All of our supervisors are particularly qualified

to give you all of the shit you need.

       Coaches whistle while they work.

 When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops 
        listening to him.

Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.

The qualities that most attract a woman to a man are usually the 
        same ones she can't stand years later.
                  Clowns do it for laughs.


                  Golphers do it in 18 holes.

  The younger the better.

       The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.

        It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that 
        caused the trouble in the garden.

        Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.

        Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot 
        of frogs.

       There may be some things better than sex, and some things worse 
        than sex. But there is nothing exactly like it.

       Love your neighbor, but don't get caught.

   Love is a hole in the heart.




        
      

    If the effort that went in research on the female bosom had gone 
        into our space program, we would now be running hot-dog stands on 
        the moon.

      Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.

    Do it only with the best.

      Sex is a three letter word which needs some old fashioned 
        four letter words to convey its full meaning.

       One good turn gets most of the blankets.

       You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine 
        women.

     Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.

      It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at 
        all.

      Thou shalt not commit adultery unless in the mood.

      Never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.

       Abstain from wine, women, and song, but mostly song.

      Never argue with a women when she's tired, or when she is rested.




     A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the 
        women he couldn't.

    What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the 
        stick.

    It is better to be looked over than overlooked.

        46. Never say no.

     A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.

    Folks playing leapfrog must complete all jumps.

   Beauty is skin deep.  Ugly goes right to the bone.

    Never stand between a fire hydrant and a dog.



   Sex appeal is 50 percent what you've got and 50 percent what people think 
        you've got.

    No sex with anyone in the same office.

     Sex is like snow, you never know how many inches you are going to 
        get or how long it is going to last.

     A man in the house is worth two in the street.



 The more beautiful the woman is who loves you, the easier it is 
        to leave her with no hard feelings.

Nothing improves with age.

                  Chessplayers check their mates.
                  Cheerleaders do it with more enthusiasm.

Sex is dirty only if it's done right.

It is always the wrong time of month.
                  Chemists like to experiment.
                  Divers do it deeper.

A man is only a man, but a good bicycle is a ride.

  Love comes in spurts.

  The world does not revolve on an axis.

You are fucked in business and cannot be trusted. You
                achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total
                lack of ethics. You are a perfect son of a bitch. Most
                mathematicians are murdered.


Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.

When the lights are out, all women are beautiful.

Sex is hereditary. If your parents never had it, chances are you 
        won't either.

Sow your wild oats on Saturday night.  Then on Sunday pray for 
        crop failure.


No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, 
        because it'll never be quite the same again.

  Sex has no calories.

 